AI-Powered Algorithm-Centric Quantum Processor Topology Design
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 AI-Powered Algorithm-Centric Quantum Processor Topology Design

 Authors

 Tian Li

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 Xiao-Yue Xu

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 Chen Ding

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 Tian-Ci Tian

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 Wei-You Liao

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 Shuo Zhang

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 He-Liang Huang

 Henan Key Laboratory of Quantum Information and Cryptography

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32023

 Abstract

 Quantum computing promises to revolutionize various fields, yet the execution of quantum programs necessitates an effective compilation process. This involves strategically mapping quantum circuits onto the physical qubits of a quantum processor. The qubits' arrangement, or topology, is pivotal to the circuit's performance, a factor that often defies traditional heuristic or manual optimization methods due to its complexity. In this study, we introduce a novel approach leveraging reinforcement learning to dynamically tailor qubit topologies to the unique specifications of individual quantum circuits, guiding algorithm-driven quantum processor topology design for reducing the depth of mapped circuit, which is particularly critical for the output accuracy on noisy quantum processors. Our method marks a significant departure from previous methods that have been constrained to mapping circuits onto a fixed processor topology. Experiments demonstrate that we have achieved notable enhancements in circuit performance, with a minimum of 20% reduction in circuit depth in 60% of the cases examined, and a maximum enhancement of up to 46%. Furthermore, the pronounced benefits of our approach in reducing circuit depth become increasingly evident as the scale of the quantum circuits increases, exhibiting the scalability of our method in terms of problem size. This work advances the co-design of quantum processor architecture and algorithm mapping, offering a promising avenue for future research and development in the field.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Poster

 Published

 2025-04-11 

 How to Cite

 Li, T., Xu, X.-Y., Ding, C., Tian, T.-C., Liao, W.-Y., Zhang, S., & Huang, H.-L. (2025). AI-Powered Algorithm-Centric Quantum Processor Topology Design. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 39 (1), 442–450. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32023

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence