SHaRPose: Sparse High-Resolution Representation for Human Pose Estimation
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 2: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 2
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision I

 SHaRPose: Sparse High-Resolution Representation for Human Pose Estimation

 Authors

 Xiaoqi An

 PCA Lab, Key Lab of Intelligent Perception and Systems for High-Dimensional Information of Ministry of Education, Jiangsu Key Lab of Image and Video Understanding for Social Security, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanjing University of Science and Technology
State Key Laboratory of Integrated Services Networks, Xidian University

 Lin Zhao

 PCA Lab, Key Lab of Intelligent Perception and Systems for High-Dimensional Information of Ministry of Education, Jiangsu Key Lab of Image and Video Understanding for Social Security, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanjing University of Science and Technology
State Key Laboratory of Integrated Services Networks, Xidian University

 Chen Gong

 PCA Lab, Key Lab of Intelligent Perception and Systems for High-Dimensional Information of Ministry of Education, Jiangsu Key Lab of Image and Video Understanding for Social Security, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanjing University of Science and Technology

 Nannan Wang

 State Key Laboratory of Integrated Services Networks, Xidian University

 Di Wang

 State Key Laboratory of Integrated Services Networks, Xidian University

 Jian Yang

 PCA Lab, Key Lab of Intelligent Perception and Systems for High-Dimensional Information of Ministry of Education, Jiangsu Key Lab of Image and Video Understanding for Social Security, School of Computer Science and Engineering, Nanjing University of Science and Technology

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i2.27826

 Keywords:

 CV: Biometrics, Face, Gesture & Pose, CV: Representation Learning for Vision 

 Abstract

 High-resolution representation is essential for achieving good performance in human pose estimation models. To obtain such features, existing works utilize high-resolution input images or fine-grained image tokens. However, this dense high-resolution representation brings a significant computational burden. In this paper, we address the following question: "Only sparse human keypoint locations are detected for human pose estimation, is it really necessary to describe the whole image in a dense, high-resolution manner?" Based on dynamic transformer models, we propose a framework that only uses Sparse High-resolution Representations for human Pose estimation (SHaRPose). In detail, SHaRPose consists of two stages. At the coarse stage, the relations between image regions and keypoints are dynamically mined while a coarse estimation is generated. Then, a quality predictor is applied to decide whether the coarse estimation results should be refined. At the fine stage, SHaRPose builds sparse high-resolution representations only on the regions related to the keypoints and provides refined high-precision human pose estimations. Extensive experiments demonstrate the outstanding performance of the proposed method. Specifically, compared to the state-of-the-art method ViTPose, our model SHaRPose-Base achieves 77.4 AP (+0.5 AP) on the COCO validation set and 76.7 AP (+0.5 AP) on the COCO test-dev set, and infers at a speed of 1.4x faster than ViTPose-Base. Code is available at https://github.com/AnxQ/sharpose.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 An, X., Zhao, L., Gong, C., Wang, N., Wang, D., & Yang, J. (2024). SHaRPose: Sparse High-Resolution Representation for Human Pose Estimation. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (2), 691–699. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i2.27826

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 2: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 2

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision I

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence