Exploring Urban Semantics: A Multimodal Model for POI Semantic Annotation with Street View Images and Place Names | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Exploring Urban Semantics: A Multimodal Model for POI Semantic Annotation with Street View Images and Place Names

 Exploring Urban Semantics: A Multimodal Model for POI Semantic Annotation with Street View Images and Place Names

 Dabin Zhang, Meng Chen, Weiming Huang, Yongshun Gong, Kai Zhao

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 2533-2541.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/280 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Semantic annotation for points of interest (POIs) is the process of annotating a POI with a category label, which facilitates many services related to POIs, such as POI search and recommendation. Most of the existing solutions extract features related to POIs from abundant user-generated content data (e.g., check-ins and user comments). However, such data are often difficult to obtain, especially for newly created POIs. In this paper, we aim to explore semantic annotation for POIs with limited information such as POI (place) names and geographic locations. Additionally, we have found that the street view images provide extensive visual clues about POI attributes and could be an essential supplement to limited information of POIs that enables semantic annotation. To this end, we propose a novel multimodal model for POI semantic annotation, namely M3PA, which achieves enhanced semantic annotation through fusing a POI’s textual and visual representations. Specifically, M3PA extracts visual features from street view images using a pre-trained image encoder and integrates these features to generate the visual representation of a targeted POI based on a geographic attention mechanism. Furthermore, M3PA utilizes the contextual information of neighboring POIs to extract textual features and captures their spatial relationships through geographical encoding to generate the textual representation of a targeted POI. Finally, the visual and textual representations of a POI are fused for semantic annotation. Extensive experiments with POI data from Amap validate the effectiveness of M3PA for POI semantic annotation, compared with several competitive baselines.

 Keywords:
 Data Mining: DM: Mining spatial and/or temporal data

 Copyright © 2026,