Research Tracks - The Web Conference 2026 

 Call for Research Tracks - The Web Conference 2026

 We invite contributions to the research tracks of The Web Conference
 2026 (formerly known as WWW).

 The Web Conference is the premier conference focused on understanding
 the current state and the evolution of the Web through the lens of
 computer science, computational social science, economics, policy, and
 many other disciplines.

 Important Dates

 Abstract submission: September 30, 2025 

 Full paper submission: October 7, 2025 

 Authors' rebuttal period: November 24th - December 1st 

 Notification: January 13, 2026 

 Camera-ready: January 25, 2026 

 All submission deadlines are end-of-day in
 Anywhere on Earth (AoE) 
 time zone. 

 AUTHORS TAKE NOTE: The official publication date is the date
 the proceedings are made available in the ACM Digital Library. This
 date may be up to two weeks prior to the first day of the conference.
 The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent
 filings related to published work.

 Submission Guidelines

 We will use EasyChair to manage the submissions and reviewing. All
 listed authors must have an up-to-date EasyChair profile, properly
 attributed with current and past institutional affiliation and
 conflict information.

 Abstracts and papers can be submitted through the
 EasyChair
 
 link.

 Scope

 The scope of the conference is the Web and how it has crucially
 enabled new research and applications. While the Web feeds on and is
 part of a broader interdisciplinary ecosystem, including technologies
 such as machine learning, natural language processing, computer
 vision, and many others, it remains a distinct scholarly field, with
 its own research methods, tools, and challenges. A typical Web
 Conference paper should have an explicit focus on at least one of the
 following:

 understanding, evaluating, and improving the Web as a technical
 infrastructure; including core Web technologies, standards, and
 platforms

 understanding, evaluating, and improving the Web as a socio-economic
 system;

 understanding better the impact of the Web and Web technologies;

 democratizing access to Web content and technologies, making it more
 accessible, fair, inclusive, and accountable to a wide range of
 audiences

 Relevance

 Every submission must clearly state how the work is relevant to the
 Web and to the track in the first page. Submissions that merely use a
 Web artifact---e.g., a dataset or a Web Application Programmer
 Interface (API) or a social network---rather than answering a specific
 Web-related scientific research challenge, are out of scope and will
 be desk-rejected.

 Tracks

 Our research interests are organized in the following tracks:

 Economics, online markets and human computation 
 
 The Web has served as a platform for large-scale online markets such as cloud computing, crowdsourcing, and the sharing economy. This growth highlights the importance of understanding the economics of the Web, and we welcome innovative research in this space. The new wave of AI applications introduce new perspectives with respect to economics, markets, and training data sets. This track is a forum for theoretical, empirical, and applied research related to the modeling, analysis, and design of Web-related economic activities, online markets, and human computation.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Economic ramifications for generative AI infrastructure and applications

 Humans versus LLMs for data annotation and labeling (e.g., quality, trade-offs, biases, evaluation)

 Architectures and workflows that use LLMs for crowd work (e.g., productivity, efficiency, quality, biases, oversight, etc.)

 Trust and reliance of crowd workers and data experts on GenAI

 Uses of LLMs and GenAI for marketplace design, bidding, and strategic interactions

 Cost models of using LLMs in production systems

 Research challenges in human and human-AI computation

 Fairness and ethical considerations in crowd work and in human-in-the-loop AI systems

 LLM based quality controls for crowd work

 Economics and fairness of platforms and recommendation systems

 Economic aspects and information design of Web, GenAI, and cloud computing

 Fairness, privacy, and diversity in economic environments

 Incentives in network design for Web infrastructures and ecosystems

 Advertising auctions, pricing, markets, and exchanges

 The sharing economy

 Sustainability of Web economics

 Data quality aspects of human-annotated datasets

 Social networks and social learning

 Economic aspects of blockchain and cryptocurrencies

 Track Chairs:

 Riccardo Colini-Baldeschi (Meta)

 Gabriella Kazai (Amazon)

 Graph Algorithms and Modeling for the Web 
 
 We encourage submissions addressing scientific challenges in Web-related graphs, from models and algorithms to mining, learning, and applications.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Algorithms and analysis for heterogeneous, signed, attributed, multi-relational, temporal, higher-order, and annotated Web-related graphs

 Algorithms and analysis for incomplete, noisy, or partially observed Web-related graphs

 Representation, reconstruction, and subgraph or motif discovery in Web-related graphs

 Querying, indexing, and retrieval in Web-related graphs

 Efficient manipulation of static and dynamic Web-related graphs

 Graph embeddings and representation learning for Web-related graphs

 Graph neural networks and deep learning approaches for Web-related graphs

 Foundation models and LLMs for Web-related graphs

 Track Chairs:

 Atsushi Miyauchi (CENTAI Institute)

 Kijung Shin (KAIST)

 Responsible Web 
 
 We invite research contributions to the Responsible Web track. Over the past decades, the Web and the internet have grown to be an integral part of our lives. Through this track, we aim to surface the latest research on what it means to build a responsible web and internet, one that contributes towards realising more equitable, emancipatory, and sustainable futures.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Algorithmic accountability and transparency on the web

 Audits of web technologies, standards, platforms, and applications

 Consent frameworks and practices on the web

 Data and user privacy-enhancing technologies for the Web

 Ethical and legal aspects of web-scale data analysis, uses and collection practices

 Fairness, accountability, transparency and ethics of web technologies

 Human-perceived consequences of algorithmic deployment on the web

 Machine-in-the-loop, human agency and autonomy

 Measurement, analysis, and circumvention of Web censorship

 Mitigating misinformation and disinformation

 Mitigating online harms, including harassment, spam, and fake reviews

 Social and technical mechanisms of refusal for web technologies and applications

 Sustainability and climate impact of web technologies

 Technology governance, policy, and regulations

 Web for democratic and emancipatory futures

 Track Chairs:

 Danula Hettiachchi (RMIT University, Australia)

 Bhaskar Mitra (Independent Researcher, Canada)

 Search and retrieval-augmented AI 
 
 This track focuses on advancing the foundations and applications of search and retrieval-augmented AI. We invite original, high-quality contributions that explore models, algorithms, systems, and evaluation methodologies for search and ranking, query understanding, personalized and interactive retrieval, as well as multilingual and domain-specific search. The track also emphasizes emerging directions such as learning to rank with LLMs, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG), multi-modal RAG, and agentic search, with the goal of fostering research that bridges traditional information retrieval with the capabilities of modern AI.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Web query analysis, representation and understanding

 Web search models and ranking

 Web evaluation methodologies and metrics

 Web crawling and indexing

 Assisted, interactive, and conversational search

 Personalized, context-aware and across-device search

 Efficiency and scalability of Web search engines

 Vertical and domain-specific search

 Multilingual and cross-lingual Web search

 Web learning to rank, online learning, and counterfactual learning for ranking

 Web question answering

 Ad search and search for Web retail

 Natural language understanding for Web search

 Large language models for search

 Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) and multi-modal RAG

 Search Tool Learning with LLM: Teaching LLMs to invoke search and make use of retrieved information

 Agentic search

 Track Chairs:

 Nick Craswell (Microsoft)

 Fabrizio Silvestri (Sapienza University of Rome)

 Security and privacy 
 
 This track offers researchers the opportunity to present their work to the broad community of researchers interested in issues of security and privacy relating to the Web.

 We invite submissions that address any aspect of web security and privacy, including theoretical foundations, practical implementations, and case studies.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Applications of cryptography

 Authentication, authorization, and access control

 Blockchains and distributed ledgers

 Browser and end-point security

 Cyber-crime defenses and forensics

 Cryptocurrency and smart contracts

 Data security and privacy

 Data transparency and provenance

 Large-scale security measurements

 Security in web-based applications and services

 Tracking, profiling, and countermeasures against them

 Privacy-enhancing technologies

 Security and privacy of machine learning and AI applications

 Track Chairs:

 Grace Hui Yang (Georgetown University)

 Igor Bilogrevic (Google)

 Semantics and Knowledge 
 
 This track is a forum to gather researchers interested in knowledge graphs and other forms of structured data models with machine-interpretable semantics that are being widely adopted for many advanced applications on the Web. In this track, we invite original research submissions related to methods, algorithms, techniques and applications supporting the creation, acquisition, publication and consumption of interlinked structured data corpora – available on the web, the (human-assisted) semantic integration, the enrichment and processing of large, real-world datasets in a Web context.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Scalable techniques for the creation, curation, publication, maintenance, and consumption of large, Web-based, structured, reusable, knowledge graphs and ontologies

 Representation, semantic annotation, enhancement, enrichments, access and/or integration of a variety of data on the Web, including, but not limited to, semi-structured data, tabular data, text, multimedia (images, sound, videos) and sensor data

 Data modeling to support human-machine intelligence, including, but not limited to LLMs agents, intelligent system behavior, explanations, and user-friendly interactions

 Methods, algorithms and applications for the development of semantic models, knowledge graphs and other forms of structured data models with machine-interpretable semantics

 Methods to enhance, augment, integrate or synergize semantic models such as knowledge graphs and LLMs to enlarge the functionality of either or both models

 Provenance, trust, security and privacy, and ethical issues in managing semantic data

 Applications of semantic technologies for improving search, browsing, recommendation, personalization in applications and domains of interest to the Web community, e.g. news, fake detection, open science, medical and health science, humanities and social sciences

 Track Chairs:

 Feng Xia (RMIT University)

 Valentina Presutti (University of Bologna)

 Social networks and social media 
 
 We welcome submissions in all areas that concern social networks, social media, and the interaction of the Web and society.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Social media analysis through the lenses of networks

 Analysis of web-mediated communications, communities, and crowds

 Social mining and social search on the Web

 Influence propagation, information diffusion, and the prediction on networks (link prediction, node or subgraph prediction)

 Computational social science (e.g., computational politics, propaganda, sociology, communication studies, media science, humanities, arts, and culture on the Web)

 Socio-technical web-based systems

 Media and governance (e.g., opinion dynamics, filter bubbles, polarization, conflicts or tribalization, self-governance, civic engagement, collective actions via the Web)

 Fairness and bias in social network and social media analysis

 Generative AI / large language models and their impact on social systems

 Applications and emergent phenomena

 Track Chairs:

 Jia Wu (Macquarie University)

 Giuseppe Manco (ICAR-CNR)

 Systems and infrastructure for Web, mobile and WoT 
 
 This track invites original research contributions on the design, construction, and performance evaluation of Web-based, mobile, and ubiquitous computing systems and architectures. We welcome submissions of interest to both academic and industrial research, which contribute to the understanding of Web, mobile, and Web of Things (WoT) systems; for example, via data analysis, empirical studies, novel application designs and implementations, deployment experiences and lessons learned, and usability evaluations.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Cloud, edge and content delivery systems for the Web

 Decentralized Web and Fediverse systems

 Applied ML and AI for Web-based mobile applications

 ML and AI systems for Web, mobile and WoT

 Federated Web and WoT systems, including distributed, federated and edge-based data processing

 Virtualization and resource management in Web systems and infrastructures

 Web performance, measurement, and characterization

 Location- and context-aware Web and WoT applications and services

 Energy management for devices in mobile Web and WoT environments

 Novel mobile and WoT systems, and system-of-systems

 Web applications in cross-disciplinary domains and verticals such as mixed reality, smart cities, and digital health

 Data management and stream processing for Web, mobile and wireless applications

 Experiences and lessons learnt from Web-based algorithms and system deployments

 Sustainability and carbon-aware systems for Web, mobile, and WoT

 Track Chairs:

 Petteri Nurmi (University of Helsinki)

 Zheng Wang (University of Leeds)

 User modeling, personalization and recommendation 
 
 In this track, we invite original research submissions addressing all aspects of inclusive, human-centered approaches to user modeling, personalization, and recommendation. We welcome contributions on data analytics, algorithm development, system design, use case reviews, and evaluation within the context of the Web.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 User model development and evaluation

 User modeling and simulation for interactive and conversational systems

 Practical large-scale studies of user experience

 Personalized content ranking and presentation

 ML for personalized search and recommendations

 Social recommender systems and personalization for the social Web

 Psychology-informed user models and recommender systems

 Metrics for user behavior and evaluating success

 Fairness-aware retrieval and ranking

 Explainable and interpretable methods for personalization

 Accountability, Transparency, and Ethics for personalization

 User privacy protection in personalized systems

 Studies of user behavior, including longitudinal effects of personalized systems

 Large Language Models (LLM) for user modeling and recommendation

 Attacks and countermeasures in recommendation systems

 Federated recommendation systems and personalization

 On-Device user modeling, personalization, and recommendation

 User modeling for targeted and personalized online advertising

 Track Chairs:

 Michael Ekstrand (Drexel University)

 Alan Said (University of Gothenburg)

 Sherry Sahebi (University at Albany)

 Web mining and content analysis 
 
 This track welcomes submissions of original and high-quality research papers related to the extraction of information from the Web and the analysis and mining of Web content.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Web data integration and cleaning

 Web data generation and simulation

 Web data visualization

 Large pretrained models with web data

 Machine learning and data science for the Web

 Robustness and generalizability of Web mining methods

 Normalization, clustering, classification, and summarization of Web text

 Topic discovery and tracking

 Community question answering

 Sentiment analysis and opinion mining

 Content-based information diffusion

 Mining multimedia, multimodal, multilingual, cross-lingual Web data

 Bridging structured and unstructured data

 Web traffic and log analysis

 Web measurements

 Models for Web evolution

 Interdisciplinary science discovery with web data mining

 Web data provenance, reliability, and authenticity

 Web data quality in the era of algorithmically-generated content

 Track Chairs:

 Hui Liu (Michigan State University)

 Edgar Meij (Bloomberg)

 Submission Guidelines

 Deadlines. The submission deadlines are strict and no
 extensions, regardless of circumstances, will be allowed.
 Placeholder/dummy abstracts are forbidden.

 Authorship. The ACM has an
 authorship policy 
 stating who can be considered an author in a submission as well as the
 use of generative AI tools. Every person named as the author of a
 paper must have contributed substantially to the work described in the
 paper and/or to the writing of the paper and must take responsibility
 for the entire content of a paper.

 Maximum authorship. The number of submissions allowed per
 author is limited to 7 (seven) maximum, cumulatively across the
 research tracks. If more than 7 papers are submitted with the same
 person listed as an author, the additional papers submitted after the
 first 7 by submission ID, will be desk-rejected after the full paper
 submission deadline.

 Authorship changes. The full list of authors, including the
 ordering, must be finalized at the point of submission. There cannot
 be any addition, removal, or reordering of authors after the abstract
 submission deadline. The only changes allowed are the correction of
 spelling mistakes or new affiliations.

 Authorship means accountability for the work. As such, Large Language
 Models (LLMs) (e.g., ChatGPT) cannot be considered authors. You can
 use LLMs to rephrase your text, but you are solely responsible for the
 text in the paper.

 Anonymity. The review process will be double-blind. The
 submitted document should omit any author names, affiliations, or
 other identifying information. This may include, but is not restricted
 to acknowledgments, self-citations, references to prior work by the
 author(s), and so on. Please use the third-person to identify your own
 prior work. You may explicitly refer in the paper to organizations
 that provided datasets, hosted experiments, or deployed solutions and
 tools.

 Formatting Requirements. Submissions must be in English, in
 double-column format, and must adhere to the
 ACM template and format (also
 available in Overleaf). Word users may use the Word
 Interim Template and the recommended setting for LaTeX is:

 \documentclass[sigconf, anonymous, review]{acmart}. 

 Submissions must be a single PDF file: 8 (eight) pages as main paper,
 with additional pages for references and an optional Appendix (that
 might contain details on reproducibility, proofs, pseudo-code, etc),
 up to a maximum of 12 (twelve) pages in total. The first 8 pages
 should be self-contained, since reviewers are not required to read
 past that.

 Originality and Concurrent Submissions. Submissions must
 present original work---this means that papers under review at or
 published/accepted to any peer-reviewed conference / journal with
 published proceedings cannot be submitted. Submissions that have been
 previously presented orally, as posters or abstracts-only, or in
 non-archival venues with no formal proceedings, including workshops or
 PhD symposia without proceedings, are allowed. Authors may submit
 anonymized work that is already available as a preprint (e.g., on
 arXiv or SSRN) without citing it. The ACM has a strict
 
 against plagiarism, misrepresentation, and falsification 
 that applies to all publications.

 Ethical Use of Data and Informed Consent. Authors are
 encouraged to include a section on the ethical use of data and/or
 informed consent of research subjects in their paper, when
 appropriate. You and your co-authors are subject to all
 ACM Publications Policies , including
 ACM's Publications Policy
 
 on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects (posted in
 2021). Please ensure all authors are familiar with these policies.

 Please consult the regulations of your institution(s) indicating when
 a review by an Institutional Ethics Review Board (IRB) is needed. If
 your work has been reviewed by an IRB, please indicate this in the
 paper, providing approval numbers where appropriate. Failure to comply
 with the above-mentioned policy on Human Participants and Subjects
 will lead to a rejection of the paper.

 Submissions that do not follow these guidelines or do not view or
 print properly, will be desk-rejected.

 Reviewing Process

 Reviewing. Each paper is submitted to one of the tracks listed
 above. Papers that do not conform to the conference scope or
 submission guidelines will be desk-rejected by the track chairs.

 Rebuttal. Authors will have the chance to provide a response to
 the reviews during a rebuttal period. After the end of the rebuttal
 period, reviewers, together with senior PC members and track chairs,
 will consider the authors' responses to inform acceptance decisions.
 There will be no interactive rebuttal between authors and reviewers.

 Decision. A range of factors including technical merit,
 originality, potential impact, quality of execution, quality of
 presentation, related work, reproducibility of results, and ethics,
 will be used by the ACs and SACs to make a recommendation. The PC
 Chairs will make the final decisions.

 Transparency. By submitting paper(s) to The Web Conference
 2025, the authors agree that the reviews, meta-reviews, and
 discussions will be made public in OpenReview for all accepted papers.
 
 -->

 Conflict of Interest (COI) Policy

 All authors and reviewers must declare conflicts of interest in
 EasyChair. You must declare a domain conflict for employment at the
 same institution or company, regardless of geography/location,
 currently or in the last 12 months. You must declare a personal
 conflict when the following associations exist:

 candidate for employment at the same institution or company

 co-author on book/paper or co-PI on a funded grant/research proposal
 in the last 24 months

 active collaborator

 family relationship or close personal relationship

 graduate advisee/advisor relationship, regardless of time elapsed
 since graduation

 deep personal animosity

 In general, we expect authors, PC, the organizing committee, and other
 volunteers to adhere to
 ACM's Conflict of Interest Policy 
 as well as the
 ACM's Code of Ethics and Profession 

 Publication and Presentation Policies

 Publication. All accepted papers will be allowed the same
 maximum page length in the proceedings (12 pages, of which 8 are
 content pages), which will be published by ACM and will be accessible
 via the ACM Digital Library. Accepted papers will require a further
 revision to meet the requirements of the camera-ready format required
 by ACM. Camera-ready versions of accepted papers can and should
 include all information to identify authors, and should acknowledge
 any funding received that directly supported the presented research.

 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you and your co-authors acknowledge that you are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects . Alleged violations of this or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper and other potential penalties.

 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID so you can complete the publishing process for an accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.

 Registration. To be included in the proceedings, every accepted
 paper must be covered by a distinct conference registration, e.g., two
 papers require two registrations, even if they have overlapping
 authors. This registration must be Full Conference (5-day) or Main
 Conference (3-day) registration, at the standard (non-student)
 in-person rate, payment of which must be completed by the camera-ready
 deadline. This registration requirement applies universally,
 regardless of attendance or presentation mode.

 Presentation. Every accepted paper must be presented at the
 conference. No-show papers may be withdrawn from the proceedings.
 There will be two forms of presentation:

 Oral Presentation. Among the accepted papers, a subset will
 be selected for oral presentation. Generally we expect oral
 presentations to be in-person, but may allow a few online
 presentations by authors with significant travel difficulties.

 Poster Presentation. All papers will be asked to produce a
 poster on-site. An e-copy will appear on Whova.

 Reproducibility. Authors are strongly encouraged to make their
 code and data publicly available after the review process. We are
 encouraging the (optional) use of the "Artifacts Available" badge in
 ACM's Digital Library. If you release any code, dataset, or similar
 artifact to accompany your paper, and host it in a publicly available,
 archival repository for research artifacts that provides a Document
 Object Identifier (DOI), you are welcome to apply for this badge. A
 special subcommittee will check the artifacts of all accepted papers
 for availability and relatedness to the paper after the acceptance
 notification.

 Important update on ACM's new open access publishing model for 2026 ACM Conferences!

 Starting January 1, 2026, ACM will fully transition to Open Access. All ACM publications, including those from ACM-sponsored conferences, will be 100% Open Access. Authors will have two primary options for publishing Open Access articles with ACM: the 
 ACM Open institutional model or by paying 
 Article Processing Charges (APCs).
 With over 2,700+ institutions already part of ACM Open with more institutions joining from around the world every week, the majority of ACM-sponsored conference papers will not require APCs from authors or conferences (currently, around 75% on average across all ACM-sponsored conferences).

 Authors from institutions not participating in ACM Open will need to pay an APC to publish their papers, unless they qualify for a geographic or discretionary financial hardship waiver. 
 To find out whether an APC applies to your article, please consult the 
 list of participating institutions in ACM Open and review the 
 Policy on Geographic APC Waivers and Discounts Policy and the 
 Policy on Discretionary APC Waivers . 
 Keep in mind that discretionary waivers are rare and are granted based on specific criteria set by ACM. Simply sending a message to ACM indicating an inability to pay an APC is typically insufficient justification for such a waiver. Waivers are based on the specific circumstances of the author(s) requesting the waiver. ACM does take seriously into consideration the institutional affiliation of the authors and whether it is a reasonable expectation that their institution should be joining the ACM Open program. This is necessary for the long-term financial sustainability of the ACM Open model.

 Understanding that this change could present financial challenges, ACM has approved a temporary subsidy for 2026 to ease the transition and allow more time for institutions to join ACM Open. The subsidy will offer:

 $250 APC for ACM/SIG members

 $350 for non-members

 This represents a 65% discount off the regular APC list prices , funded directly by ACM. Authors are encouraged to help advocate for their institutions to join ACM Open during this transition period. This temporary subsidized pricing will apply to all conferences scheduled for 2026.

 Research Tracks Co-Chairs

 Dr. Francesco Bonchi (CentAI)

 Prof. Ido Guy 
 (Meta and Ben-Gurion University of the Negev)

 Prof. Emine Yilmaz 
 (UCL & Amazon)

 Contact: 
 pcchairs-www2026@acm.org