How to Evaluate Behavioral Models
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 9: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 9
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Game Theory and Economic Paradigms

 How to Evaluate Behavioral Models

 Authors

 Greg d'Eon

 University of British Columbia

 Sophie Greenwood

 University of British Columbia
Cornell University

 Kevin Leyton-Brown

 University of British Columbia

 James R. Wright

 University of Alberta

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i9.28820

 Keywords:

 GTEP: Behavioral Game Theory, APP: Humanities & Computational Social Science, GTEP: Mechanism Design, ML: Classification and Regression, ML: Evaluation and Analysis 

 Abstract

 Researchers building behavioral models, such as behavioral game theorists, use experimental data to evaluate predictive models of human behavior. However, there is little agreement about which loss function should be used in evaluations, with error rate, negative log-likelihood, cross-entropy, Brier score, and squared L2 error all being common choices. We attempt to offer a principled answer to the question of which loss functions should be used for this task, formalizing axioms that we argue loss functions should satisfy. We construct a family of loss functions, which we dub ``diagonal bounded Bregman divergences'', that satisfy all of these axioms. These rule out many loss functions used in practice, but notably include squared L2 error; we thus recommend its use for evaluating behavioral models.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 d’Eon, G., Greenwood, S., Leyton-Brown, K., & Wright, J. R. (2024). How to Evaluate Behavioral Models. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (9), 9636–9644. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i9.28820

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 9: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 9

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Game Theory and Economic Paradigms

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence