MicroAdam: Accurate Adaptive Optimization with Low Space Overhead and Provable Convergence 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 MicroAdam: Accurate Adaptive Optimization with Low Space Overhead and Provable Convergence

 Ionut-Vlad Modoranu, Mher Safaryan, Grigory Malinovsky, Eldar Kurtic, Thomas Robert, Peter Richtárik, Dan Alistarh

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 We propose a new variant of the Adam optimizer called MicroAdam that specifically minimizes memory overheads, while maintaining theoretical convergence guarantees. We achieve this by compressing the gradient information before it is fed into the optimizer state, thereby reducing its memory footprint significantly. We control the resulting compression error via a novel instance of the classical error feedback mechanism from distributed optimization in which the error correction information is itself compressed to allow for practical memory gains. We prove that the resulting approach maintains theoretical convergence guarantees competitive to those of AMSGrad, while providing good practical performance. Specifically, we show that MicroAdam can be implemented efficiently on GPUs: on both million-scale (BERT) and billion-scale (LLaMA) models, MicroAdam provides practical convergence competitive to that of the uncompressed Adam baseline, with lower memory usage and similar running time. Our code is available at https://github.com/IST-DASLab/MicroAdam.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-0001 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly