Opponent Modeling with In-context Search 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 Opponent Modeling with In-context Search

 Yuheng Jing, Bingyun Liu, Kai Li, Yifan Zang, Haobo Fu, Qiang Fu, Junliang Xing, Jian Cheng

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 Opponent modeling is a longstanding research topic aimed at enhancing decision-making by modeling information about opponents in multi-agent environments. However, existing approaches often face challenges such as having difficulty generalizing to unknown opponent policies and conducting unstable performance. To tackle these challenges, we propose a novel approach based on in-context learning and decision-time search named Opponent Modeling with In-context Search (OMIS). OMIS leverages in-context learning-based pretraining to train a Transformer model for decision-making. It consists of three in-context components: an actor learning best responses to opponent policies, an opponent imitator mimicking opponent actions, and a critic estimating state values. When testing in an environment that features unknown non-stationary opponent agents, OMIS uses pretrained in-context components for decision-time search to refine the actor's policy. Theoretically, we prove that under reasonable assumptions, OMIS without search converges in opponent policy recognition and has good generalization properties; with search, OMIS provides improvement guarantees, exhibiting performance stability. Empirically, in competitive, cooperative, and mixed environments, OMIS demonstrates more effective and stable adaptation to opponents than other approaches. See our project website at https://sites.google.com/view/nips2024-omis.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-1967 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly