Detection and Geographic Localization of Natural Objects in the Wild: A Case Study on Palms | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Detection and Geographic Localization of Natural Objects in the Wild: A Case Study on Palms

 Detection and Geographic Localization of Natural Objects in the Wild: A Case Study on Palms

 Kangning Cui, Rongkun Zhu, Manqi Wang, Wei Tang, Gregory D. Larsen, Victor P. Pauca, Sarra Alqahtani, Fan Yang, David Segurado, David A. Lutz, Jean-Michel Morel, Miles R. Silman

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 AI and Social Good. Pages 9601-9609.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/1067 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Palms are ecologically and economically indicators of tropical forest health, biodiversity, and human impact that support local economies and global forest product supply chains. While palm detection in plantations is well-studied, efforts to map naturally occurring palms in dense forests remain limited by overlapping crowns, uneven shading, and heterogeneous landscapes. We develop PRISM (Processing, Inference, Segmentation, and Mapping), a flexible pipeline for detecting and localizing palms in dense tropical forests using large orthomosaic images. Orthomosaics are created from thousands of aerial images and spanning several to hundreds of gigabytes. Our contributions are threefold. First, we construct a large UAV-derived orthomosaic dataset collected across 21 ecologically diverse sites in western Ecuador, annotated with 8,830 bounding boxes and 5,026 palm center points. Second, we evaluate multiple state-of-the-art object detectors based on efficiency and performance, integrating zero-shot SAM~2 as the segmentation backbone, and refining the results for precise geographic mapping. Third, we apply calibration methods to align confidence scores with IoU and explore saliency maps for feature explainability. Though optimized for palms, PRISM is adaptable for identifying other natural objects, such as eastern white pines. Future work will explore transfer learning for lower-resolution datasets (0.5–1m). Data and code can be found at github.com/Zippppo/PRISM.

 Keywords:
 Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications: General 
 Computer Vision: General

 Copyright © 2026,