Policies for AAAI-25 Authors - AAAI 

 Skip to main content 
 AAAI
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

 Menu 

 AAAI

 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

 Menu 

 About AAAI News 
 Officers and Committees 
 Staff 
 Bylaws 
 Awards Fellows Program 
 Classic Paper Award 
 Dissertation Award 
 Distinguished Service Award 
 Allen Newell Award 
 Outstanding Paper Award 
 AI for Humanity Award 
 Feigenbaum Prize 
 Patrick Henry Winston Outstanding Educator Award 
 Engelmore Award 
 AAAI ISEF Awards 
 Senior Member Status 
 Conference Awards 
 
 Partnerships 
 Resources 
 Mailing Lists 
 Past Presidential Addresses 
 AAAI 2025 Presidential Panel on the Future of AI Research 
 Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures 
 Past Policy Reports The Role of Intelligent Systems in the National Information Infrastructure (1995) 
 A Report to ARPA on Twenty-First Century Intelligent Systems (1994) 
 
 Logos 
 
 Ethics & Plurality 
 Conferences & Symposia AAAI Conference 
 AIES AAAI/ACM 
 AIIDE 
 EAAI 
 HCOMP 
 IAAI 
 ICWSM 
 Spring Symposia 
 Summer Symposia 
 Fall Symposia 
 Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 
 
 Publications AI Magazine 
 Conference Proceedings 
 AAAI Publication Policies & Guidelines 
 Request to Reproduce Copyrighted Materials 
 Contribute 
 Order Proceedings 
 
 AI Magazine 
 Membership Member Login 
 Chapters 
 AAAI-x 2026 Events 
 Call for Proposals: AAAI-Sponsored “AIx” Pop-Up Events Worldwide 
 AAAI Educational AI Videos Award 

 AI Jobs 
 AITopics 
 Contact 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 

 Home / Conferences / AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence / AAAI-25 / 
 
 June 4, 2024 

 The 39th Annual AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 February 25 – March 4, 2025 | Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA

 AAAI-25 

 IAAI-25 

 EAAI-25 

 Attend 
 
 AAAI-25 Photo Gallery 

 EAAI Program 

 EAAI-25 Calls 

 AAAI-25 Know Before You Go 

 IAAI-25 Calls 

 Accommodations and Travel 

 Hackathon 

 Job Fair 

 Lunch with a Fellow 

 Onsite Childcare 

 Registration Information 

 Student Activities Overview 

 Student Scholarship and Volunteer Program 

 Walkable Dining 

 Visa Letters of Invitation 

 Program 
 
 AAAI-25 Paper Awards 

 AAAI-25 Program Overview 

 AAAI-25 Detailed Program Schedule 

 IAAI-25 Program 

 AAAI-25 Invited Talks 

 AAAI-25 Main Technical Track 

 AAAI-25 Poster Sessions 

 Bridge Program 

 Demonstration Program 

 Diversity and Inclusion Activities 

 Doctoral Consortium 

 Journal Track 

 New Faculty Highlights Program 

 Senior Member Presentation Track 

 Student Abstract and Poster Program 

 Tutorial and Lab Forum 

 Undergraduate Consortium 

 Workshop Program 

 Sponsors 
 
 AAAI-25 Sponsors 

 Become a Sponsor 

 Policies and Guidelines 
 
 AAAI Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 

 Policies for AAAI-25 Authors 

 Ethical Guidelines for AAAI-25 

 Poster Information and Printing 

 Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement 

 Conference Organizers 

 Calls 
 
 Main Technical Track 

 Special Track on AI Alignment 

 Special Track on AI for Social Impact 

 Bridge Program 

 Demonstration Program 

 Diversity and Inclusion Activities 

 Doctoral Consortium 

 Journal Track 

 New Faculty Highlights 

 Senior Member Presentation Track 

 Student Abstract and Poster Program 

 Tutorial and Lab Forum 

 Undergraduate Consortium 

 Workshops 

 AAAI-25 Author Kit 

 Main Conference Timetable for Authors 

 Note: all deadlines are “anywhere on earth” (UTC-12) 

 July 1, 2024 
AAAI-25 web site open for author registration

 July 8, 2024 
AAAI-25 web site open for paper submission

 August 7, 2024 
Abstracts due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

 August 15, 2024 
Full papers due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

 August 19, 2024 
Supplementary material and code due by 11:59 PM UTC-12

 October 14, 2024 
Notification of Phase 1 rejections

 November 4-8, 2024 
Author feedback window

 December 9, 2024 
Notification of final acceptance or rejection (Main Technical Track)

 December 19, 2024 
Submission of camera-ready files (Main Technical Track)

 February 27 – March 2, 2025 
AAAI-25 Conference

 Note: Deadlines are track-specific and may differ from those listed above. Track-specific deadlines are listed on their respective CFP. 

 Policies for AAAI-25 Authors

 AAAI looks forward to seeing everyone in Philadelphia in February. To better plan for your participation at the conference, please read the author presentation policies. At the time of the camera ready submission, authors of accepted papers will be required to acknowledge that they are aware of these policies and will comply with them.

 At least one author is required to present that paper in person and therefore register for the conference at the in-person rate.

 All presentations must be done in-person. There will be no remote presentation option.

 Acknowledgement of policy at the time of the camera ready submission: “I commit to an author presenting the paper in-person at AAAI-25. If exceptional circumstances arise that prevent the authors from presenting the paper in person, I will notify AAAI immediately. I acknowledge that if I do not notify AAAI about exceptional circumstances, then the paper will not be included in the proceedings”.

 Policy on use of AI systems in producing AAAI or AAAI-related publications

 Plagiarism and the Use of ChatGPT or similar LLMs Papers that include text generated from a large-scale language model (LLM) such as ChatGPT are prohibited unless the produced text is presented as a part of the paper’s experimental analysis. Note that this policy does not prohibit authors from using LLMs for editing or polishing author-written text.

 AAAI’2025 furthermore follows AAAI policy that any AI system, including Generative Models such as Chat-GPT, BARD, or DALL-E, do not satisfy the criteria for authorship of papers published by AAAI and, as such, also cannot be used as a citable source in papers published by AAAI. Authors assume full responsibility for content, including checking for plagiarism and veracity of all text.

 Any allegation of plagiarism, whether the result of the use of an LLM or otherwise, which comes to AAAI’s attention will be thoroughly investigated. If substantiated, the matter will be dealt with very seriously. Possible sanctions include rejection/retraction of the work, notification to all the authors’ institutions or employers and any other relevant bodies, and denial of service for and access to all AAAI-sponsored meetings.

 Categories: Uncategorized 

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All 

 Manage consent 

 Close 

 Privacy Overview
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary 

 Necessary 

 Always Enabled 

 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
 Cookie Duration Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional 

 Functional 

 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

 Performance 

 Performance 

 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

 Analytics 

 Analytics 

 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

 Advertisement 

 Advertisement 

 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

 Others 

 Others 

 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.

 SAVE & ACCEPT 

 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
 You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings .

 Accept 

 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 

 Privacy Overview 

 Strictly Necessary Cookies 

 Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance 

 Privacy Overview 
 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.

 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

 Enable or Disable Cookies 

 Enabled 
 Disabled 

 Enable All 
 Save Settings