Equilibria in Two-Stage Facility Location with Atomic Clients | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Equilibria in Two-Stage Facility Location with Atomic Clients

 Equilibria in Two-Stage Facility Location with Atomic Clients

 Simon Krogmann, Pascal Lenzner, Alexander Skopalik, Marc Uetz, Marnix C. Vos

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 2842-2850.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/315 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 We consider competitive facility location as a two-stage multi-agent system with two types of clients. For a given host graph with weighted clients on the vertices, first facility agents strategically select vertices for opening their facilities. Then, the clients strategically select which of the opened facilities in their neighborhood to patronize. Facilities want to attract as much client weight as possible, clients want to minimize congestion on the chosen facility.

All recently studied versions of this model assume that clients can split their weight strategically. We consider clients with unsplittable weights, but allow mixed strategies. So clients may randomize over which facility to patronize. Besides modeling a natural client behavior, this subtle change yields drastic changes, e.g., for a given facility placement, qualitatively different client equilibria are possible.

As our main result, we show that pure subgame perfect equilibria always exist if all client weights are identical. For this, we use a novel potential function argument, employing a hierarchical classification of the clients and sophisticated rounding in each step. In contrast, for non-identical clients, we show that deciding the existence of even approximately stable states is computationally intractable. On the positive side, we give a tight bound of 2 on the price of anarchy which implies high social welfare of equilibria, if they exist.

 Keywords:
 Game Theory and Economic Paradigms: GTEP: Noncooperative games

 Copyright © 2026,