Towards Intelligent Automobile Cockpit via A New Container Architecture | USENIX 

 Back to USENIX Sign In 
 Conferences 

 Attend 

 Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Program 

 Program at a Glance 

 Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session and Reception 

 Participate 

 Call for Papers 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship Program 

 Sponsors 

 Exhibitor Services 

 About 

 Past Symposia 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 Towards Intelligent Automobile Cockpit via A New Container Architecture

 Lin Jiang and Feiyu Zhang, Xi’an Yunzhiji Technology; Jiang Ming, Tulane University 

 An intelligent cockpit is now crucial in automobiles, not just to provide digital instrumentation and in-vehicle controls but also to offer a wide range of entertainment functionalities. To cater to the demands of these intelligent vehicles, the automotive industry starts employing virtualization technology to offer a unified hardware and software architecture that can simplify system management and enhance resource utilization. Particularly in the domain of intelligent cockpits, virtualization can tightly integrate systems with different criticality levels (e.g., safety and real-time) on a single hardware platform, improving inter-system communication quality and the timely response to user-initiated requests. Currently, microhypervisor virtualization has been used in production to achieve intelligent automobile cockpit. However, in addition to the performance concern and high production costs, this solution is suffering from the global shortage of chips capable of running microhypervisor systems.

 Our key insight is that, most functions within intelligent cockpit systems are non-safety-critical and non-real-time multimedia tasks. Based on this characteristic, in this paper we present AutoVP , a new cockpit virtualization architecture. The hardware foundation of AutoVP consists of two low-cost chips: 1) a consumer-grade System-on-Chip (SoC) multi-core processor as the main chip; 2) a typical automotive-grade Microcontroller Unit (MCU) as the auxiliary chip. The MCU auxiliary chip is responsible for hosting real-time and safety-critical tasks, while the SoC main chip primarily handles multimedia tasks, such as entertainment systems and digital instrumentation. Further more, we construct an Android container virtual environment on the SoC main chip. This environment integrates multiple media functions onto a single chip, resulting in efficient utilization of chip computational resources and high system scalability. Our comparative performance evaluation demonstrates that AutoVP is a cost-effective and efficient solution to build intelligent cockpits.

 NSDI '24 Open Access Sponsored by
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST) 

 Open Access Media 
 USENIX is committed to Open Access to the research presented at our events. Papers and proceedings are freely available to everyone once the event begins. Any video, audio, and/or slides that are posted after the event are also free and open to everyone. Support USENIX and our commitment to Open Access.

 BibTeX
 @inproceedings {295491,

 author = {Lin Jiang and Feiyu Zhang and Jiang Ming},

 title = {Towards Intelligent Automobile Cockpit via A New Container Architecture},

 booktitle = {21st USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI 24)},

 year = {2024},

 isbn = {978-1-939133-39-7},

 address = {Santa Clara, CA},

 pages = {205--219},

 url = {https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi24/presentation/jiang-lin},

 publisher = {USENIX Association},

 month = apr

}

 Download 

 Jiang PDF 

 View the slides 

 Presentation Video 

 Attend Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Program Program at a Glance 

 Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session and Reception 

 Participate Call for Papers 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship Program 

 Sponsors Exhibitor Services 

 About Past Symposia 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 LinkedIn Facebook Youtube Twitter Mastodon 

 Privacy Policy 

 Contact Us 

 © USENIX 

 EIN 13-3055038