SAMFlow: Eliminating Any Fragmentation in Optical Flow with Segment Anything Model
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 7: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 7
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision VI

 SAMFlow: Eliminating Any Fragmentation in Optical Flow with Segment Anything Model

 Authors

 Shili Zhou

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Ruian He

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Weimin Tan

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Bo Yan

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i7.28603

 Keywords:

 CV: Motion & Tracking 

 Abstract

 Optical Flow Estimation aims to find the 2D dense motion field between two frames. Due to the limitation of model structures and training datasets, existing methods often rely too much on local clues and ignore the integrity of objects, resulting in fragmented motion estimation. Through theoretical analysis, we find the pre-trained large vision models are helpful in optical flow estimation, and we notice that the recently famous Segment Anything Model (SAM) demonstrates a strong ability to segment complete objects, which is suitable for solving the fragmentation problem. We thus propose a solution to embed the frozen SAM image encoder into FlowFormer to enhance object perception. To address the challenge of in-depth utilizing SAM in non-segmentation tasks like optical flow estimation, we propose an Optical Flow Task-Specific Adaption scheme, including a Context Fusion Module to fuse the SAM encoder with the optical flow context encoder, and a Context Adaption Module to adapt the SAM features for optical flow task with Learned Task-Specific Embedding. Our proposed SAMFlow model reaches 0.86/2.10 clean/final EPE and 3.55/12.32 EPE/F1-all on Sintel and KITTI-15 training set, surpassing Flowformer by 8.5%/9.9% and 13.2%/16.3%. Furthermore, our model achieves state-of-the-art performance on the Sintel and KITTI-15 benchmarks, ranking #1 among all two-frame methods on Sintel clean pass.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Zhou, S., He, R., Tan, W., & Yan, B. (2024). SAMFlow: Eliminating Any Fragmentation in Optical Flow with Segment Anything Model. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (7), 7695–7703. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i7.28603

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 7: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 7

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision VI

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence