MM-TTS: Multi-Modal Prompt Based Style Transfer for Expressive Text-to-Speech Synthesis
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 16: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 16
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Natural Language Processing I

 MM-TTS: Multi-Modal Prompt Based Style Transfer for Expressive Text-to-Speech Synthesis

 Authors

 Wenhao Guan

 Xiamen University

 Yishuang Li

 Xiamen University

 Tao Li

 Xiamen University

 Hukai Huang

 Xiamen University

 Feng Wang

 Xiamen University

 Jiayan Lin

 Xiamen University

 Lingyan Huang

 Xiamen University

 Lin Li

 Xiamen University

 Qingyang Hong

 Xiamen University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i16.29769

 Keywords:

 NLP: Speech 

 Abstract

 The style transfer task in Text-to-Speech (TTS) refers to the process of transferring style information into text content to generate corresponding speech with a specific style. However, most existing style transfer approaches are either based on fixed emotional labels or reference speech clips, which cannot achieve flexible style transfer. Recently, some methods have adopted text descriptions to guide style transfer. In this paper, we propose a more flexible multi-modal and style controllable TTS framework named MM-TTS. It can utilize any modality as the prompt in unified multi-modal prompt space, including reference speech, emotional facial images, and text descriptions, to control the style of the generated speech in a system. The challenges of modeling such a multi-modal style controllable TTS mainly lie in two aspects: 1) aligning the multi-modal information into a unified style space to enable the input of arbitrary modality as the style prompt in a single system, and 2) efficiently transferring the unified style representation into the given text content, thereby empowering the ability to generate prompt style-related voice. To address these problems, we propose an aligned multi-modal prompt encoder that embeds different modalities into a unified style space, supporting style transfer for different modalities. Additionally, we present a new adaptive style transfer method named Style Adaptive Convolutions (SAConv) to achieve a better style representation. Furthermore, we design a Rectified Flow based Refiner to solve the problem of over-smoothing Mel-spectrogram and generate audio of higher fidelity. Since there is no public dataset for multi-modal TTS, we construct a dataset named MEAD-TTS, which is related to the field of expressive talking head. Our experiments on the MEAD-TTS dataset and out-of-domain datasets demonstrate that MM-TTS can achieve satisfactory results based on multi-modal prompts. The audio samples and constructed dataset are available at https://multimodal-tts.github.io.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Guan, W., Li, Y., Li, T., Huang, H., Wang, F., Lin, J., … Hong, Q. (2024). MM-TTS: Multi-Modal Prompt Based Style Transfer for Expressive Text-to-Speech Synthesis. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (16), 18117–18125. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i16.29769

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 16: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 16

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Natural Language Processing I

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence