Certified Policy Verification and Synthesis for MDPs under Distributional Reach-Avoidance Properties | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Certified Policy Verification and Synthesis for MDPs under Distributional Reach-Avoidance Properties

 Certified Policy Verification and Synthesis for MDPs under Distributional Reach-Avoidance Properties

 S. Akshay, Krishnendu Chatterjee, Tobias Meggendorfer, Đorđe Žikelić

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 3-12.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/1 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Markov Decision Processes (MDPs) are a classical model for decision making in the presence of uncertainty. Often they are viewed as state transformers with planning objectives defined with respect to paths over MDP states. An increasingly popular alternative is to view them as distribution transformers, giving rise to a sequence of probability distributions over MDP states. For instance, reachability and safety properties in modeling robot swarms or chemical reaction networks are naturally defined in terms of probability distributions over states. Verifying such distributional properties is known to be hard and often beyond the reach of classical state-based verification techniques.

In this work, we consider the problems of certified policy (i.e. controller) verification and synthesis in MDPs under distributional reach-avoidance specifications. By certified we mean that, along with a policy, we also aim to synthesize a (checkable) certificate ensuring that the MDP indeed satisfies the property. Thus, given the target set of distributions and an unsafe set of distributions over MDP states, our goal is to either synthesize a certificate for a given policy or synthesize a policy along with a certificate, proving that the target distribution can be reached while avoiding unsafe distributions. To solve this problem, we introduce the novel notion of distributional reach-avoid certificates and present automated procedures for (1) synthesizing a certificate for a given policy, and (2) synthesizing a policy together with the certificate, both providing formal guarantees on certificate correctness. Our experimental evaluation demonstrates the ability of our method to solve several non-trivial examples, including a multi-agent robot-swarm model, to synthesize certified policies and to certify existing policies.

 Keywords:
 Agent-based and Multi-agent Systems: MAS: Formal verification, validation and synthesis 
 Agent-based and Multi-agent Systems: MAS: Trust and reputation 
 Planning and Scheduling: PS: Markov decisions processes 
 Planning and Scheduling: PS: Planning under uncertainty

 Copyright © 2026,