Self-Supervised Disentangled Representation Learning for Robust Target Speech Extraction
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 17: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 17
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Natural Language Processing II

 Self-Supervised Disentangled Representation Learning for Robust Target Speech Extraction

 Authors

 Zhaoxi Mu

 Xi'an Jiaotong University

 Xinyu Yang

 Xi'an Jiaotong University

 Sining Sun

 Du Xiaoman

 Qing Yang

 Du Xiaoman

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i17.29846

 Keywords:

 NLP: Speech, ML: Representation Learning, ML: Unsupervised & Self-Supervised Learning 

 Abstract

 Speech signals are inherently complex as they encompass both global acoustic characteristics and local semantic information. However, in the task of target speech extraction, certain elements of global and local semantic information in the reference speech, which are irrelevant to speaker identity, can lead to speaker confusion within the speech extraction network. To overcome this challenge, we propose a self-supervised disentangled representation learning method. Our approach tackles this issue through a two-phase process, utilizing a reference speech encoding network and a global information disentanglement network to gradually disentangle the speaker identity information from other irrelevant factors. We exclusively employ the disentangled speaker identity information to guide the speech extraction network. Moreover, we introduce the adaptive modulation Transformer to ensure that the acoustic representation of the mixed signal remains undisturbed by the speaker embeddings. This component incorporates speaker embeddings as conditional information, facilitating natural and efficient guidance for the speech extraction network. Experimental results substantiate the effectiveness of our meticulously crafted approach, showcasing a substantial reduction in the likelihood of speaker confusion.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Mu, Z., Yang, X., Sun, S., & Yang, Q. (2024). Self-Supervised Disentangled Representation Learning for Robust Target Speech Extraction. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (17), 18815–18823. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i17.29846

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 17: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 17

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Natural Language Processing II

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence