Multi-View Learning with Context-Guided Receptance for Image Denoising | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Multi-View Learning with Context-Guided Receptance for Image Denoising

 Multi-View Learning with Context-Guided Receptance for Image Denoising

 Binghong Chen, Tingting Chai, Wei Jiang, Yuanrong Xu, Guanglu Zhou, Xiangqian Wu

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 765-773.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/86 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Image denoising is essential in low-level vision applications such as photography and automated driving. Existing methods struggle with distinguishing complex noise patterns in real-world scenes and consume significant computational resources due to reliance on Transformer-based models. In this work, the Context-guided Receptance Weighted Key-Value (CRWKV) model is proposed, combining enhanced multi-view feature integration with efficient sequence modeling. The Context-guided Token Shift (CTS) mechanism is introduced to effectively capture local spatial dependencies and enhance the model's ability to model real-world noise distributions. Also, the Frequency Mix (FMix) module extracting frequency-domain features is designed to isolate noise in high-frequency spectra, and is integrated with spatial representations through a multi-view learning process. To improve computational efficiency, the Bidirectional WKV (BiWKV) mechanism is adopted, enabling full pixel-sequence interaction with linear complexity while overcoming the causal selection constraints. The model is validated on multiple real-world image denoising datasets, outperforming the state-of-the-art methods quantitatively and reducing inference time up to 40%. Qualitative results further demonstrate the ability of our model to restore fine details in various scenes. The code is publicly available at https://github.com/Seeker98/CRWKV.

 Keywords:
 Computer Vision: CV: Low-level Vision 
 Computer Vision: CV: Machine learning for vision 
 Computer Vision: CV: Representation learning 
 Computer Vision: CV: Structural and model-based approaches, knowledge representation and reasoning

 Copyright © 2026,