Relation-Aware Equivariant Graph Networks for Epitope-Unknown Antibody Design and Specificity Optimization
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Relation-Aware Equivariant Graph Networks for Epitope-Unknown Antibody Design and Specificity Optimization

 Authors

 Lirong Wu

 Zhejiang University
AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Haitao Lin

 Zhejiang University
AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Yufei Huang

 AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Zhangyang Gao

 AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Cheng Tan

 AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Yunfan Liu

 AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Tailin Wu

 AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 Stan Z. Li

 AI Lab, Research Center for Industries of the Future, Westlake University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32074

 Abstract

 Antibodies are Y-shaped proteins that protect the host by binding to specific antigens, and their binding is mainly determined by the Complementary Determining Regions (CDRs) in the antibody. Despite the great progress made in CDR design, existing computational methods still encounter several challenges: 1) poor capability of modeling complex CDRs with long sequences due to insufficient contextual information; 2) conditioned on pre-given antigenic epitopes and their static interaction with the target antibody; 3) neglect of specificity during antibody optimization leads to non-specific antibodies. In this paper, we take into account a variety of node features, edge features, and edge relations to include more contextual and geometric information. We propose a novel Relation-Aware Antibody Design (RAAD) framework, which dynamically models antigen-antibody interactions for co-designing the sequences and structures of antigen-specific CDRs. Furthermore, we propose a new evaluation metric to better measure antibody specificity and develop a contrasting specificity-enhancing constraint to optimize the specificity of antibodies. Extensive experiments have demonstrated the superior capability of RAAD in terms of antibody modeling, generation, and optimization across different CDR types, sequence lengths, pre-training strategies, and input contexts.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2025-04-11 

 How to Cite

 Wu, L., Lin, H., Huang, Y., Gao, Z., Tan, C., Liu, Y., … Li, S. Z. (2025). Relation-Aware Equivariant Graph Networks for Epitope-Unknown Antibody Design and Specificity Optimization. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 39 (1), 895–904. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32074

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence