NSDI '25 Call for Papers | USENIX 

 Back to USENIX Sign In 
 Conferences 

 Attend 

 Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Schedule 

 Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session and Reception 

 Participate 

 Call for Papers 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship Program 

 Sponsors 

 Exhibitor Services 

 About 

 Past Symposia 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 NSDI '25 Call for Papers

 The 22nd USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI '25) will be held on April 28–30, 2025, in Philadelphia, PA, USA.

 Sponsored by USENIX , the Advanced Computing Systems Association. 
-->
 Sponsored by USENIX in cooperation with ACM SIGCOMM and ACM SIGOPS 

 Update of June 17, 2024: The NSDI Steering Committee has issued a statement regarding deliberate adjustment of the scope of the symposium. Authors are encouraged to review this message and consider it carefully before submitting to the next NSDI deadline.

 Important Dates

 Spring deadline: 

 Paper titles and abstracts due: Tuesday, April 30, 2024, 11:59 pm US EDT 

 Full paper submissions due: Tuesday, May 7, 2024, 11:59 pm US EDT 

 Notification to authors: Wednesday, July 24, 2024 

 Final paper files due: Tuesday, October 15, 2024 

 Fall deadline: 

 Paper titles and abstracts due: Thursday, September 12, 2024, 11:59 pm US EDT 

 Full paper submissions due: Thursday, September 19, 2024, 11:59 pm US EDT 

 Notification to authors: Tuesday, December 10, 2024 

 Final paper files due: Thursday, March 6, 2025 

 Download Call for Papers PDF 

 Overview

 NSDI focuses on the design principles, implementation, and practical evaluation of networked and distributed systems. Our goal is to bring together researchers from across the networking and systems community to foster a broad approach to addressing overlapping research challenges.

 NSDI provides a high-quality forum for presenting results and discussing ideas that further the knowledge and understanding of the networked systems community as a whole, continue a significant research dialog, or push the architectural boundaries of network services.

 Topics

 NSDI invites any innovative solution for a significant problem involving networked systems, including topics from within the following list:

 Highly available and reliable networked systems

 Security and privacy of networked systems

 Distributed storage, caching, and query processing systems

 Sustainable, low-energy, and low-carbon networked systems

 Cloud/multi-tenant systems

 Mobile and embedded/sensor applications and systems

 Systems aspects of networking hardware and physical layer communication technologies*

 Network and workload measurement systems

 Self-organizing, autonomous, and federated networked systems

 Managing, debugging, and diagnosing problems in networked systems

 Virtualization and resource management for networked systems

 Experience with deployed networked systems

 Networked systems for big data

 Testing and/or verification applied to networked systems

 Networked systems for machine learning (ML) and ML for networked systems

 *Physical and physical-sensing papers with no clear contributions to the design of systems or the networking stack will be considered out of scope.

 The preceding list is not exhaustive. That said, the program committee can reject any papers that they consider to be not in scope and relevant to the NSDI community during the review process. Please contact the PC chairs if you have questions about whether your paper would be in scope.

 Update of June 17, 2024: The NSDI Steering Committee has issued a statement regarding deliberate adjustment of the scope of the symposium. Authors are encouraged to review this message and consider it carefully before submitting to the next NSDI deadline. 
-->

 Update of August 27, 2024: Scope Considerations: For the fall deadline, authors will have the opportunity to explain why their paper is in scope for NSDI by answering the following question: What important problems or challenges in networked systems does this paper solve/address?

 Two Deadlines

 NSDI '25 offers authors the choice of two submission deadlines. Any paper submitted to one of these deadlines and accepted during the subsequent reviewing period will be presented at the conference and will appear as part of the proceedings. In the meantime, authors are permitted to advertise their papers as accepted by NSDI, for example, listing them on CVs. For more information, see Additional Information about Multiple Deadlines Process .

 One-Shot Revision

 Each paper may be accepted, rejected, or given the option of one-shot revision. Such a revision decision includes a summary of the paper's merits and a list of necessary changes that are required for the paper to be accepted at NSDI. Authors may then submit a version of their work addressing all revision instructions during the subsequent deadline. At that point, the paper will be reviewed to judge whether it addresses all the revision requirements requested. This review will be conducted, to the extent possible, by the same reviewers as earlier. To enable this, PC members who give one-shot-revision decisions for the fall deadline are obligated to participate as external reviewers in the following year to review those papers' resubmissions, which would be considered for the following year's conference. Papers revised and resubmitted following a one-shot-revision decision can only receive a decision of accept or reject, not revise; this is what makes revisions "one-shot."

 A revise-and-resubmit decision is not a guaranteed acceptance. While revised papers are generally accepted, they can be rejected if the revision instructions have not been fully addressed or if the revised version unveils new significant concerns that were hidden in the original submission.

 The decision about whether to accept a revised paper will be made as follows. Reviewers will primarily judge whether the authors have satisfied the requests accompanying the revision decision. They will also judge the resubmission on its independent merits, but should avoid rejecting it for non-fatal concerns that they could have raised during the first round of reviews. The reviewers should also ensure that the revised paper doesn't introduce new assertions without sufficient support. Unlike the shepherding process, the revision instructions may include running additional experiments that obtain specific results, e.g., comparing performance against a certain alternative and beating it by at least 10%.

 During the revision period, the paper is still considered under review to NSDI and therefore cannot be submitted to other conferences unless the authors first withdraw it from consideration (as per the USENIX Submission Policy , which precludes concurrent submission to other conferences).

 Authors given a one-shot-revision decision will be sent, within a few days of the decision, detailed instructions about how to resubmit. These instructions will include the list of necessary changes that are required for the paper to be accepted. They will also explain how the authors should accompany their resubmission with auxiliary material to demonstrate how they've satisfied that list of changes. This auxiliary material will consist of (1) an additional version of the resubmission in which revision changes since the first submission are clearly marked, and (2) a separate textual explanation of the high-level differences between the two versions.

 If authors receive a one-shot-revision decision for a paper submitted to the fall deadline of NSDI '25, this gives them the option to make the requested changes and resubmit it to the next NSDI deadline, which is the first deadline of NSDI '26. If the paper is accepted then, it will appear at NSDI '26, not NSDI '25.

 Policy on NSDI Resubmissions

 As described above, each NSDI conference consists of two deadlines: spring and fall. Papers rejected from one of these deadlines cannot be submitted to the immediate next deadline. For example, a paper rejected from the fall deadline of NSDI '24 may not be submitted to the spring deadline of NSDI '25 (but can be submitted to the fall deadline of NSDI '25); and a paper rejected from the spring deadline of NSDI '25 may not be submitted to the fall deadline of NSDI '25.

 If authors receive a one-shot-revision decision and choose to submit the paper to NSDI '25 they will be required to submit the old paper number from the one-shot-revision decision (e.g., one-shot-revisions from NSDI '24 fall being submitted to NSDI '25 spring will need to provide the NSDI '24 HotCRP paper ID). Papers with numbers that do not agree with previous HotCRP history will be automatically desk rejected. If authors receive a one-shot-revision decision but choose not to submit a revised version, the paper is treated as a reject and the same resubmission policy applies.

 Extensions of Workshop Papers

 Work that extends an author's previous workshop paper is welcome, but the paper should (a) acknowledge their own previous workshop publications with an anonymous citation and (b) explain the differences between the NSDI submission and the prior workshop paper. The online submission form will also require authors to submit the deanonymized citation and a short explanation of the differences from the prior workshop paper.

 Resubmission of SIGCOMM '24 and HotNets '25 Papers

 Authors are free to submit SIGCOMM '24 rejected papers to NSDI '25 spring and significant extensions of HotNets '25 accepted papers to NSDI '25 fall, provided that the notifications from these conferences occur before the full paper submission deadlines for NSDI.

 Operational Systems Track

 NSDI '25 also solicits papers that describe the design, implementation, analysis, and experience with large-scale, operational systems and networks. We encourage the submission of papers that disprove or strengthen existing assumptions, deepen the understanding of existing problems, and validate known techniques at scales or environments in which they were never used or tested before. Such operational papers need not present new ideas or results to be accepted; indeed, new ideas or results will not influence whether the papers are accepted. Note that the rules regarding submission and anonymization are different for operational systems track papers. Since the evaluation of operational systems track papers requires understanding the real-world use of the system, papers in this track will be reviewed in a more limited double-blind process. Authors' names should be withheld, as usual. However, in contrast to other papers, authors need not anonymize the content of their submission in any other way—they may keep company names, links, real system names, etc., as appropriate for the paper.

 Please note that you cannot switch tracks for your paper after submission since the submission rules differ.

 Authors should indicate on the title page of the paper and in the submission form that they are submitting to this track.

 The final program will explicitly identify papers accepted from the operational track to distinguish them from papers accepted from the regular track.

 What to Submit

 NSDI '25 is double-blind, meaning that authors should make a good faith effort to anonymize papers. Note that the operational track papers have different rules as described above. As an author, you should not identify yourself in the paper either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). However, only non-destructive anonymization is required. For example, system names may be left de-anonymized, if the system name is important for a reviewer to be able to evaluate the work. Please take the following steps when preparing your submission:

 Remove authors' names and affiliations from the title page.

 Remove acknowledgment of identifying names and funding sources.

 Do not provide links to your own online content. If this online content is critical to the content of your paper, please see the submission form, which allows for some forms of content upload, or contact the PC chairs.

 Use care in naming your files. Source file names, e.g., Joe.Smith.dvi, are often embedded in the final output as readily accessible comments.

 Use care in referring to related work, particularly your own. Do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer unable to grasp the context. Instead, a good solution is to reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work. If you cite anonymous work, you will need to enter the de-anonymized reference(s) on the online submission form.

 If you need to reference another submission at NSDI '25 on a related topic, reference it as follows: "A related paper describes the design and implementation of our compiler [24]." with the corresponding citation: "[24] Under submission. Details omitted for double-blind reviewing."

 Blinding is not intended to be a great burden. If blinding your paper seems too burdensome, please contact the program co-chairs and discuss your specific situation.

 Submissions—as well as final papers—must be no longer than 12 pages, including footnotes, figures, and tables. Submissions may include as many additional pages as needed for references and for supplementary material in appendices. The paper should stand alone without the supplementary material, but authors may use this space for content that may be of interest to some readers but is peripheral to the main technical contributions of the paper. Note that members of the program committee are free to not read this material when reviewing the paper.

 Submissions must be in two-column format, using 10-point type on 12-point (single-spaced) leading, in a text block 7" wide x 9" deep, with .33" inter-column space , formatted for 8.5" x 11" paper.

 Papers not meeting these criteria will be rejected without review, and no deadline extensions will be granted for reformatting. Pages should be numbered, and figures and tables should be legible when printed without requiring magnification. Authors may use color in their figures, but the figures should be readable when printed in black and white. If you wish, you may use the template for LaTeX available on the conference paper templates page . All papers must be submitted via the submission form . Please do not email submissions.

 On the Use of Generative AI

 While we acknowledge that generative AI is seamlessly included in many editing packages, e.g., Grammarly, and thus often hard to detect, authors must not submit papers generated entirely by generative AI. In particular, for papers generated entirely by generative AI, i.e., text, graphs, experiments, etc., the authorship is not clearly that of the authors and may be tantamount to plagiarism. To this end, authors must submit a statement attesting that their paper is not completely created by generative AI as part of the submission process in HotCRP. For more detailed questions about the appropriate use of generative AI, please feel free to contact the NSDI Chairs via this form .

 Policies

 Simultaneous submissions: Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work, or plagiarism constitutes dishonesty or fraud. USENIX, like other scientific and technical conferences and journals, prohibits these practices and may take action against authors who have committed them. See the USENIX Conference Submissions Policy for details.

 Extensions on workshop papers: Previous publication at a workshop is acceptable as long as the NSDI submission includes substantial new material that has been developed since the publication of any earlier version. However, NSDI submissions cannot be concurrent with submission to a workshop venue. If the notification date for the workshop submission is after the submission date for NSDI, this would be considered a concurrent submission and would be rejected without review. Such concurrent submissions would have limited the possibility of substantially extending the prior work, which would violate the intent of policies allowing for extended submissions (as described in http://www.sigcomm.org/about/policies/frequently-asked-questions-faq/ ). See remarks above about how to cite and contrast with a workshop paper.

 Update of August 27, 2024: Online technical reports: As added clarification for authors submitting to the fall deadline: NSDI allows submissions to be simultaneously stored online as technical reports, e.g., at arXiv, provided that the authors change the title and system name for the period of review. This is to prevent reviewers from being biased (in either direction) when judging the submission.

 Authors uncertain whether their submission meets USENIX's guidelines should contact the Program Co-Chairs, [email protected] .

 Nondisclosure agreement: Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication on the USENIX NSDI '25 website; rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential.

 Conflicts

 At submission time, you must provide information about conflicts with PC members. A PC member is a conflict if any of the following three circumstances applies:

 Institution: You are currently employed at the same institution, have been previously employed at the same institution within the past two years (not counting concluded internships), or are going to begin employment at the same institution during the review period.

 Advisor: You have a past or present association as thesis advisor or advisee.

 Collaboration: You have a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal, program co-chairship, or editorship within the past two years (since April 2022).

 You must not improperly identify a PC member as a conflict if none of these circumstances applies, even if for some other reason you want to avoid them reviewing your paper. The chairs will review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the reviewing process, adding or removing conflicts if necessary. The chairs may reject abstracts or papers on the basis of egregious missing or extraneous conflicts. If you have any questions about conflicts, please contact the program co-chairs.

 Ethical Considerations

 Papers describing experiments with users or user data (e.g., network traffic, passwords, social network information), should follow the basic principles of ethical research, e.g., beneficence (maximizing the benefits to an individual or to society while minimizing harm to the individual), minimal risk (appropriateness of the risk versus benefit ratio), voluntary consent, respect for privacy, and limited deception. When appropriate, authors are encouraged to include a subsection describing these issues. Authors may want to consult the Menlo Report for further information on ethical principles, or the Allman/Paxson IMC '07 paper for guidance on ethical data sharing.

 Authors must, as part of the submission process, attest that their work complies with all applicable ethical standards of their home institution(s), including, but not limited to, privacy policies and policies on experiments involving humans. Note that submitting research for approval by one's institution's ethics review body is necessary, but not sufficient—in cases where the PC has concerns about the ethics of the work in a submission, the PC will have its own discussion of the ethics of that work. The PC's review process may examine the ethical soundness of the paper just as it examines the technical soundness.

 Processes for Accepted Papers

 If your paper is accepted and you need an invitation letter to apply for a visa to attend the conference, please contact [email protected] as soon as possible. Visa applications are reportedly taking more than two months to process. Please identify yourself as a presenter or an author, and include your mailing address in your email request.

 Accepted papers will be shepherded through an editorial review process by a member of the Program Committee. Based on initial feedback from the Program Committee, authors of shepherded papers will submit an editorial revision of their paper to their Program Committee shepherd. The shepherd will review the paper and give the author additional comments. Authors will upload their final file to the submissions system by the final paper deadline for the conference proceedings.

 By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it. If the conference registration fee will pose a hardship for the presenter of the accepted paper, please contact [email protected] .

 All papers will be available online to registered attendees before the conference. If your accepted paper should not be published prior to the event, please notify [email protected] . The papers will be available online to everyone beginning on the first day of the conference.

 Best Paper Awards

 Awards will be given for the best paper(s) at the conference.

 Community Award

 To encourage broader code and data sharing within the NSDI community, the conference will also present a "Community Award" for the best paper whose code and/or data set is made publicly available by the final paper deadline. Authors who would like their paper to be considered for this award will have the opportunity to tag their paper during the submission process.

 SUBMIT YOUR WORK 

 Symposium Organizers

 Program Co-Chairs 

 Theophilus A. Benson, Carnegie Mellon University 

 Radhika Niranjan Mysore, VMware Research Group 

 Program Committee 

 Soheil Abbasloo, Microsoft Research 

 Sangeetha Abdu Jyothi, University of California, Irvine, and VMware Research 

 Anubhavnidhi "Archie" Abhashkumar, ByteDance Inc. 

 Fawad Ahmad, Rochester Institute of Technology 

 Zahaib Akhtar, Amazon Prime Video 

 Ramnatthan Alagappan, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and VMware Research 

 Emmanuel Amaro, University of California, Berkeley 

 Ganesh Ananthanarayanan, Microsoft 

 Gianni Antichi, Politecnico di Milano and Queen Mary University of London 

 Roshan Ayyalasomayajula, University at Buffalo 

 Wei Bai, Microsoft Research 

 Tom Barbette, Université catholique de Louvain 

 Noman Bashir, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 

 Ryan Beckett, Microsoft 

 Ran Ben Basat, University College London 

 Yaniv Ben-Itzhak, VMware Research 

 Ankit Bhardwaj, MIT CSAIL 

 Francesco Bronzino, École normale supérieure de Lyon 

 Fabián Bustamante, Northwestern University 

 Matthew Caesar, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Balakrishnan Chandrasekaran, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 

 Ang Chen, University of Michigan 

 Kai Chen, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 Kang Chen, Tsinghua University 

 Ruichuan Chen, Nokia Bell Labs 

 Xiaoqi Chen, Purdue University 

 Xusheng Chen, Huawei Cloud 

 Peng Cheng, Microsoft Research 

 Yue Cheng, University of Virginia 

 Marco Chiesa, KTH Royal Institute of Technology 

 Mosharaf Chowdhury, University of Michigan 

 Paolo Costa, Microsoft Research 

 Mallesham Dasari, Northeastern University 

 Quentin De Coninck, Université de Mons 

 Fahad Dogar, Tufts University 

 Mingkai Dong, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Dong Du, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Ram Durairajan, University of Oregon 

 Lars Eggert, NetApp 

 Anja Feldmann, Max Planck Institute for Informatics 

 Yashar Ganjali, University of Toronto and Huawei Canada 

 Jiaqi Gao, Alibaba 

 Kaihui Gao, Zhongguancun Laboratory 

 Aaron Gember-Jacobson, Colgate University 

 Soudeh Ghorbani, Meta and Johns Hopkins University 

 Brighten Godfrey, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and Broadcom 

 Ayush Goel, Meta 

 Sergey Gorinsky, IMDEA Networks Institute 

 Prateesh Goyal, Microsoft Research 

 Indranil Gupta, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Hamed Haddadi, Imperial College London and Brave Software 

 Andreas Haeberlen, University of Pennsylvania and Roblox 

 Yotam Harchol, NVIDIA 

 Shaddi Hasan, Virginia Tech 

 Kurtis Heimerl, University of Washington 

 Oliver Hohlfeld, University of Kassel 

 Liu Hongqiang, Alibaba 

 Kevin Hsieh, Microsoft Research 

 Wenjun Hu, Yale University 

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology 

 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan 

 Anand Iyer, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Rishabh Iyer, University of California, Berkeley 

 Kyle Jamieson, Princeton University 

 Keon Jang, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems and Rubrik 

 Karthick Jayaraman, Microsoft 

 Junchen Jiang, The University of Chicago 

 Xin Jin, Peking University 

 Suraj Jog, Microsoft Research 

 Raj Joshi, National University of Singapore 

 Siva Kesava Reddy Kakarla, Microsoft Research 

 Mohan Kalkunte, Broadcom 

 Srikanth Kandula, Microsoft 

 Eric Keller, University of Colorado Boulder 

 Changhoon Kim, Google 

 Daehyeok Kim, The University of Texas at Austin 

 Gyuyeong Kim, Sungshin Women's University 

 Hyojoon Kim, University of Virginia 

 Dejan Kostic, KTH Royal Institute of Technology 

 Arvind Krishnamurthy, University of Washington and Google 

 Bhuvana Krishnaswamy, University of Wisconsin—Madison 

 Praveen Kumar, Google 

 Sam Kumar, University of Washington and University of California, Los Angeles 

 Fan Lai, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and Google 

 Zeqi Lai, Tsinghua University 

 Shir Landau Feibish, The Open University of Israel 

 Andrea Lattuada, VMware Research 

 Wenke Lee, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Huaicheng Li, Virginia Tech 

 Yuanjie Li, Tsinghua University 

 Chieh-Jan Mike Liang, Microsoft Research 

 Kate Ching-Ju Lin, National Yang-Ming Chiao Tung University 

 Alan Zaoxing Liu, University of Maryland, College Park 

 Guyue Liu, Peking University 

 Si Liu, ETH Zürich 

 Vincent Liu, University of Pennsylvania 

 Ioana Livadariu, Simula Research Laboratory 

 Chang Lou, University of Virginia 

 Songwu Lu, University of California, Los Angeles 

 Harsha V. Madhyastha, University of Southern California 

 Ajay Mahimkar, AT&T 

 Morley Mao, University of Michigan and Google 

 Zili Meng, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 Congcong Miao, Tencent 

 Rui Miao, Meta 

 Vishal Misra, Columbia University 

 Radhika Mittal, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Michael Mitzenmacher, Harvard University 

 Nitinder Mohan, Technische Universität München 

 Iqbal Mohomed, Samsung AI Centre Toronto 

 Masoud Moshref, NVIDIA 

 Kanthi Nagaraj, Google 

 Srinivas Narayana, Rutgers University 

 Arvind Narayanan, AT&T 

 Deepak Narayanan, NVIDIA 

 T. S. Eugene Ng, Rice University 

 Dave Oran, Network Systems Research & Design 

 Tian Pan, Alibaba 

 Aurojit Panda, New York University 

 Seo Jin Park, University of Southern California 

 Przemysław Pawełczak, Delft University of Technology 

 Chunyi Peng, Purdue University 

 Ben Pfaff, Feldera 

 Peter Pietzuch, Imperial College London 

 Boris Pismenny, EPFL and NVIDIA 

 Soujanya Ponnapalli, University of California, Berkeley 

 Feng Qian, University of Minnesota Twin Cities 

 Hang Qiu, University of California, Riverside 

 K. K. Ramakrishnan, University of California, Riverside 

 Fernando Ramos, University of Lisbon 

 Sanjay Rao, Purdue University 

 Robert Ricci, University of Utah 

 Anthony Rowe, Carnegie Mellon University 

 Nirupam Roy, University of Maryland, College Park 

 Raja Sambasivan, Tufts University 

 Nishanth Sastry, University of Surrey 

 Mariano Scazzariello, KTH Royal Institute of Technology 

 Michael Schapira, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem 

 Stefan Schmid, Technische Universität Berlin 

 Malte Schwarzkopf, Brown University 

 Colin Scott, Google 

 Muhammad Shahbaz, Purdue University 

 Yizhou Shan, Huawei Cloud 

 Longfei Shangguan, University of Pittsburgh 

 Vishal Shrivastav, Purdue University 

 Rachee Singh, Cornell University 

 Ramesh K. Sitaraman, University of Massachusetts Amherst 

 Gagan Somashekar, Microsoft 

 John Sonchack, Princeton University 

 Ravi Soundararajan, VMware 

 Peter Steenkiste, Carnegie Mellon University 

 Srikanth Sundaresan, Facebook 

 Srikanth Sundaresan, Meta 

 Alain Tchana, Grenoble INP 

 Renata Teixeira, Netflix 

 Alexandru Uta, DFINITY 

 Amin Vahdat, Google 

 Shay Vargaftik, VMware Research 

 Mythili Vutukuru, Indian Institute of Technology 

 Chenxi Wang, Chinese Academy of Sciences 

 Haoyu Wang, Huazhong University of Science and Technology 

 Jia Wang, AT&T 

 Jingxian Wang, National University of Singapore 

 Xiaoliang Wang, Nanjing University 

 Zeke Wang, Zhejiang University 

 Hassan M. G. Wassel, Google 

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exostellar, Inc. 

 Michael Wei, VMware 

 Xingda Wei, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Yiting Xia, Max Planck Institute for Informatics 

 Qiao Xiang, Xiamen University 

 Yaxiong Xie, University at Buffalo 

 Jie Xiong, University of Massachusetts Amherst 

 Erci Xu, Alibaba 

 Hong Xu, The Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Francis Y. Yan, Microsoft Research 

 Xiaowei Yang, Duke University 

 Kasim Sinan Yildirim, University of Trento 

 Jihong Yu, Beijing Institute of Technology 

 Minchen Yu, Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Yifan Yuan, Intel Labs 

 Yasir Zaki, New York University Abu Dhabi 

 Ennan Zhai, Alibaba 

 Hong Zhang, University of Waterloo 

 Junxue Zhang, The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 Peng Zhang, Xi'an Jiaotong University 

 Ying Zhang, Meta 

 Yiran Zhang, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications 

 Zhi-Li Zhang, University of Minnesota Twin Cities 

 Renjie Zhao, Johns Hopkins University 

 Shizhen Zhao, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Zhizhen Zhong, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 

 Diyu Zhou, EPFL and Peking University 

 Fang Zhou, The Ohio State University 

 Hang Zhu, ByteDance Inc. 

 Danyang Zhuo, Duke University 

 Marco Zimmerling, Technische Universität Darmstadt 

 Pengfei Zuo, Huawei Cloud 

 Poster Session Co-Chairs 

 Balakrishnan Chandrasekaran, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 

 Shir Landau Feibish, The Open University of Israel 

 Test of Time Awards Committee 

 Mahesh Balakrishnan, Meta 

 Jon Howell, VMware Research 

 James Mickens, Harvard University 

 Amar Phanishayee, Meta 

 George Porter, University of California, San Diego 

 Renata Teixeira, Netflix 

 Pre-Review Task Force 

 Vamsi Addanki, Technische Universität Berlin 

 Xinyi Chen, University of Pennsylvania 

 Changhan Ge, The University of Texas at Austin 

 Rashna Kumar, Northwestern University 

 Jennifer Lam, Princeton University 

 Jiaxin Lin, The University of Texas at Austin 

 Shinan Liu, The University of Chicago 

 Pooria Namyar, University of Southern California 

 Filip Rezabek, Technische Universität München 

 Alireza Sanaee, Queen Mary University of London 

 Ammar Tahir, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Bhavana V S, Rutgers University 

 Shu-Ting Wang, University of California, San Diego 

 Ertza Warraich, Purdue University 

 Emilia Weyulu, Max Planck Institute for Informatics 

 Chen-Yu Yen, New York University 

 Liangcheng Yu, University of Pennsylvania 

 Anlan Zhang, University of Southern California 

 Qingzhao Zhang, University of Michigan 

 Chenxingyu Zhao, University of Washington 

 Changgang Zheng, University of Oxford 

 Review Task Force 

 Gianni Antichi, Politecnico di Milano and Queen Mary University of London 

 Fabián Bustamante, Northwestern University 

 Matthew Caesar, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Marco Chiesa, KTH Royal Institute of Technology 

 Ram Durairajan, University of Oregon 

 Shir Landau Feibish, The Open University of Israel 

 Anja Feldmann, Max Planck Institute for Informatics 

 Yashar Ganjali, University of Toronto and Huawei Canada 

 Indranil Gupta, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Hamed Haddadi, Imperial College London and Brave Software 

 Wenjun Hu, Yale University 

 Srikanth Kandula, Microsoft 

 Arvind Krishnamurthy, University of Washington and Google 

 Vishal Misra, Columbia University 

 Ben Pfaff, Feldera 

 Michael Schapira, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem 

 Ramesh K. Sitaraman, University of Massachusetts Amherst 

 Peter Steenkiste, Carnegie Mellon University 

 Renata Teixeira, Netflix 

 Mythili Vutukuru, Indian Institute of Technology 

 Jia Wang, AT&T 

 Xiaowei Yang, Duke University 

 Yasir Zaki, New York University Abu Dhabi 

 Ying Zhang, Meta 

 Steering Committee 

 Mahesh Balakrishnan, Meta 

 Casey Henderson-Ross, USENIX Association 

 Jon Howell, VMware Research 

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research 

 James Mickens, Harvard University 

 Amar Phanishayee, Meta 

 George Porter, University of California, San Diego 

 Renata Teixeira, Netflix 

 Minlan Yu, Harvard University 

 Attend Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Schedule Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session and Reception 

 Participate Call for Papers 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship Program 

 Sponsors Exhibitor Services 

 About Past Symposia 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 LinkedIn Facebook Youtube Twitter Mastodon 

 Privacy Policy 

 Contact Us 

 © USENIX 

 EIN 13-3055038