Prompt Tuning Strikes Back: Customizing Foundation Models with Low-Rank Prompt Adaptation 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 Prompt Tuning Strikes Back: Customizing Foundation Models with Low-Rank Prompt Adaptation

 Abhinav Jain, Swarat Chaudhuri, Thomas Reps, Chris Jermaine

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper 

 Abstract

 Parameter-Efficient Fine-Tuning (PEFT) has become the standard for customising Foundation Models (FMs) to user-specific downstream tasks. However, typical PEFT methods require storing multiple task-specific adapters, creating scalability issues as these adapters must be housed and run at the FM server. Traditional prompt tuning offers a potential solution by customising them through task-specific input prefixes, but it under-performs compared to other PEFT methods like LoRA. To address this gap, we propose Low-Rank Prompt Adaptation (LoPA), a prompt-tuning-based approach that performs on par with state-of-the-art PEFT methods and full fine-tuning while being more parameter-efficient and not requiring a server-based adapter. LoPA generates soft prompts by balancing between sharing task-specific information across instances and customization for each instance. It uses a low-rank decomposition of the soft-prompt component encoded for each instance to achieve parameter efficiency. We provide a comprehensive evaluation on multiple natural language understanding and code generation and understanding tasks across a wide range of foundation models with varying sizes.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-1499 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly