GraphMETRO: Mitigating Complex Graph Distribution Shifts via Mixture of Aligned Experts 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 GraphMETRO: Mitigating Complex Graph Distribution Shifts via Mixture of Aligned Experts

 Shirley Wu, Kaidi Cao, Bruno Ribeiro, James Zou, Jure Leskovec

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper 

 Abstract

 Graph data are inherently complex and heterogeneous, leading to a high natural diversity of distributional shifts. However, it remains unclear how to build machine learning architectures that generalize to the complex distributional shifts naturally occurring in the real world. Here, we develop GraphMETRO, a Graph Neural Network architecture that models natural diversity and captures complex distributional shifts. GraphMETRO employs a Mixture-of-Experts (MoE) architecture with a gating model and multiple expert models, where each expert model targets a specific distributional shift to produce a referential representation w.r.t. a reference model, and the gating model identifies shift components. Additionally, we design a novel objective that aligns the representations from different expert models to ensure reliable optimization. GraphMETRO achieves state-of-the-art results on four datasets from the GOOD benchmark, which is comprised of complex and natural real-world distribution shifts, improving by 67% and 4.2% on the WebKB and Twitch datasets. Code and data are available at https://github.com/Wuyxin/GraphMETRO.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-0297 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly