PREFER: Prompt Ensemble Learning via Feedback-Reflect-Refine
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 17: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 17
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Natural Language Processing II

 PREFER: Prompt Ensemble Learning via Feedback-Reflect-Refine

 Authors

 Chenrui Zhang

 Meituan Inc.

 Lin Liu

 School of Computer and Information Technology, Beijing Jiaotong University

 Chuyuan Wang

 Meituan Inc.

 Xiao Sun

 Meituan Inc.

 Hongyu Wang

 Meituan Inc.

 Jinpeng Wang

 Meituan Inc.

 Mingchen Cai

 Meituan Inc.

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i17.29924

 Keywords:

 NLP: (Large) Language Models, ML: Calibration & Uncertainty Quantification, NLP: Text Classification 

 Abstract

 As an effective tool for eliciting the power of Large Language Models (LLMs), prompting has recently demonstrated unprecedented abilities across a variety of complex tasks. To further improve the performance, prompt ensemble has attracted substantial interest for tackling the hallucination and instability of LLMs. However, existing methods usually adopt a two-stage paradigm, which requires a pre-prepared set of prompts with substantial manual effort, and is unable to perform directed optimization for different weak learners. In this paper, we propose a simple, universal, and automatic method named PREFER (Prompt Ensemble learning via Feedback-Reflect-Refine) to address the stated limitations. Specifically, given the fact that weak learners are supposed to focus on hard examples during boosting, PREFER builds a feedback mechanism for reflecting on the inadequacies of existing weak learners. Based on this, the LLM is required to automatically synthesize new prompts for iterative refinement. Moreover, to enhance stability of the prompt effect evaluation, we propose a novel prompt bagging method involving forward and backward thinking, which is superior to majority voting and is beneficial for both feedback and weight calculation in boosting. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our PREFER achieves state-of-the-art performance in multiple types of tasks by a significant margin. We have made our code publicly available.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Zhang, C., Liu, L., Wang, C., Sun, X., Wang, H., Wang, J., & Cai, M. (2024). PREFER: Prompt Ensemble Learning via Feedback-Reflect-Refine. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (17), 19525–19532. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i17.29924

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 17: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 17

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Natural Language Processing II

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence