Gaussian Mixture Proposals with Pull-Push Learning Scheme to Capture Diverse Events for Weakly Supervised Temporal Video Grounding
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 3: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 3
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision II

 Gaussian Mixture Proposals with Pull-Push Learning Scheme to Capture Diverse Events for Weakly Supervised Temporal Video Grounding

 Authors

 Sunoh Kim

 Seoul National University

 Jungchan Cho

 Gachon University

 Joonsang Yu

 NAVER CLOVA

 YoungJoon Yoo

 NAVER CLOVA

 Jin Young Choi

 Seoul National University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i3.28059

 Keywords:

 CV: Video Understanding & Activity Analysis, CV: Image and Video Retrieval, CV: Language and Vision 

 Abstract

 In the weakly supervised temporal video grounding study, previous methods use predetermined single Gaussian proposals which lack the ability to express diverse events described by the sentence query. To enhance the expression ability of a proposal, we propose a Gaussian mixture proposal (GMP) that can depict arbitrary shapes by learning importance, centroid, and range of every Gaussian in the mixture. In learning GMP, each Gaussian is not trained in a feature space but is implemented over a temporal location. Thus the conventional feature-based learning for Gaussian mixture model is not valid for our case. In our special setting, to learn moderately coupled Gaussian mixture capturing diverse events, we newly propose a pull-push learning scheme using pulling and pushing losses, each of which plays an opposite role to the other. The effects of components in our scheme are verified in-depth with extensive ablation studies and the overall scheme achieves state-of-the-art performance. Our code is available at https://github.com/sunoh-kim/pps.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Kim, S., Cho, J., Yu, J., Yoo, Y., & Choi, J. Y. (2024). Gaussian Mixture Proposals with Pull-Push Learning Scheme to Capture Diverse Events for Weakly Supervised Temporal Video Grounding. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (3), 2795–2803. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i3.28059

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 3: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 3

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision II

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence