MacMic: Executing Iceberg Orders via Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 MacMic: Executing Iceberg Orders via Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning

 MacMic: Executing Iceberg Orders via Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning

 Hui Niu, Siyuan Li, Jian Li

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 6008-6016.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/664 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 In recent years, there has been a growing interest in applying reinforcement learning (RL) techniques to order execution owing to RL’s strong sequential decision-making ability. However, realistic order execution tasks usually involve a large fine-grained action space and a long trading duration. The former hinders the RL agents from efficient exploration. The latter increases the task complexity, since the agent must capture price advantages throughout the day as well as micro changes within a few seconds on the limited order books. In addressing these challenges, we propose MacMic, a novel Hierarchical RL-based order execution approach that captures market patterns and executes orders from different temporal scales. MacMic employs a high-level agent to split the parent order into smaller slices at coarse-grained time steps. Then a low-level agent is adopted to execute these slices by placing fixed-size sub-orders at a continuous time. Besides, to balance the multifaceted objectives of the two tasks, MacMic pretrains a causal stacking hidden Markov model (SHMM) to obtain both effective macro-level and micro-level market states. Comprehensive experimental results on 200 stocks across the US and China A-share markets validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.

 Keywords:
 Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications: MTA: Finance 
 Machine Learning: ML: Reinforcement learning 
 Machine Learning: ML: Representation learning

 Copyright © 2026,