MuLTI: Efficient Video-and-Language Understanding with Text-Guided MultiWay-Sampler and Multiple Choice Modeling
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 6: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 6
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision V

 MuLTI: Efficient Video-and-Language Understanding with Text-Guided MultiWay-Sampler and Multiple Choice Modeling

 Authors

 Jiaqi Xu

 Alibaba Group

 Bo Liu

 Alibaba Group

 Yunkuo Chen

 Alibaba Group

 Mengli Cheng

 Alibaba Group

 Xing Shi

 Alibaba Group

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i6.28448

 Keywords:

 CV: Multi-modal Vision, CV: Applications, CV: Image and Video Retrieval, CV: Language and Vision, CV: Video Understanding & Activity Analysis 

 Abstract

 Video-and-language understanding has a variety of applications in the industry, such as video question answering, text-video retrieval, and multi-label classification. Existing video-and-language understanding methods generally adopt heavy multi-modal encoders and feature fusion modules, which consume high computational costs. Specially, they have difficulty dealing with dense video frames or long text prevalent in industrial applications. 
This paper proposes MuLTI, a highly accurate and efficient video-and-language understanding model that achieves efficient and effective feature fusion and rapid adaptation to downstream tasks. Specifically, we design a Text-Guided MultiWay-Sampler based on adapt-pooling residual mapping and self-attention modules to sample long sequences and fuse multi-modal features, which reduces the computational costs and addresses performance degradation caused by previous samplers. Therefore, MuLTI can handle longer sequences with limited computational costs. Then, to further enhance the model's performance and fill in the lack of pretraining tasks in the video question answering, we propose a new pretraining task named Multiple Choice Modeling. This task bridges the gap between pretraining and downstream tasks and improves the model's ability to align video and text features. Benefiting from the efficient feature fusion module and the new pretraining task, MuLTI achieves state-of-the-art performance on multiple datasets. Implementation and pretrained models will be released.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Xu, J., Liu, B., Chen, Y., Cheng, M., & Shi, X. (2024). MuLTI: Efficient Video-and-Language Understanding with Text-Guided MultiWay-Sampler and Multiple Choice Modeling. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (6), 6297–6305. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i6.28448

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 6: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 6

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision V

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence