Emergence of Social Norms in Generative Agent Societies: Principles and Architecture | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Emergence of Social Norms in Generative Agent Societies: Principles and Architecture

 Emergence of Social Norms in Generative Agent Societies: Principles and Architecture

 Siyue Ren, Zhiyao Cui, Ruiqi Song, Zhen Wang, Shuyue Hu

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Human-Centred AI. Pages 7895-7903.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/874 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Social norms play a crucial role in guiding agents towards understanding and adhering to standards of behavior, thus reducing social conflicts within multi-agent systems (MASs). However, current LLM-based (or generative) MASs lack the capability to be normative. In this paper, we propose a novel architecture, named CRSEC, to empower the emergence of social norms within generative MASs. Our architecture consists of four modules: Creation & Representation, Spreading, Evaluation, and Compliance. This addresses several important aspects of the emergent processes all in one: (i) where social norms come from, (ii) how they are formally represented, (iii) how they spread through agents' communications and observations, (iv) how they are examined with a sanity check and synthesized in the long term, and (v) how they are incorporated into agents' planning and actions. Our experiments deployed in the Smallville sandbox game environment demonstrate the capability of our architecture to establish social norms and reduce social conflicts within generative MASs. The positive outcomes of our human evaluation, conducted with 30 evaluators, further affirm the effectiveness of our approach. Our project can be accessed via the following link: https://github.com/sxswz213/CRSEC.

 Keywords:
 Agent-based and Multi-agent Systems: MAS: Normative systems 
 Agent-based and Multi-agent Systems: MAS: Agent-based simulation and emergence 
 Agent-based and Multi-agent Systems: MAS: Agent societies 
 Machine Learning: ML: Applications

 Copyright © 2026,