A Simple and Comprehensive Benchmark for Single-Cell Transcriptomics
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 A Simple and Comprehensive Benchmark for Single-Cell Transcriptomics

 Authors

 Jiaxin Qi

 Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China

 Yan Cui

 Hangzhou Institute for Advanced Study, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hangzhou, China

 Kailei Guo

 Tianjin Medical University Eye Hospital, Tianjin, China

 Xiaomin Zhang

 Tianjin Medical University Eye Hospital, Tianjin, China

 Jianqiang Huang

 Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China
Hangzhou Institute for Advanced Study, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Hangzhou, China
University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China

 Gaogang Xie

 Computer Network Information Center, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China
University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, China

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32049

 Abstract

 Single-cell transcriptomics describes complex molecular features at the individual cell level, serving various roles in biological research, such as enhancing gene expression and predicting drug responses. Due to transcriptomic data structurally resembling sequential data, many researchers have trained numerous transformers on extensive transcriptomic datasets. However, they have consistently neglected to explore the intrinsic properties of the data and the appropriateness of their chosen model architecture. In this paper, we carefully investigate the nature of transcriptomics, identifying three overlooked problems: 1) long-tailed data problem, 2) model selection problem, and 3) evaluation problem. Consequently, by applying the weighted sampling strategy, we address the long-tailed data problem and achieve consistent improvement across all settings. By adapting different model structures to transcriptomic data, we discover that transformers are not the only option. By developing three downstream tasks and fair evaluation metrics, we establish a simple and comprehensive benchmark to validate the effectiveness of models for transcriptomics. Through extensive experiments, we clarify the misunderstandings in the traditional methods and provide competitive baselines, thereby paving the way for future research in this field.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Poster

 Published

 2025-04-11 

 How to Cite

 Qi, J., Cui, Y., Guo, K., Zhang, X., Huang, J., & Xie, G. (2025). A Simple and Comprehensive Benchmark for Single-Cell Transcriptomics. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 39 (1), 676–684. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32049

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence