Efficient Dynamic Ensembling for Multiple LLM Experts | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Efficient Dynamic Ensembling for Multiple LLM Experts

 Efficient Dynamic Ensembling for Multiple LLM Experts

 Jinwu Hu, Yufeng Wang, Shuhai Zhang, Kai Zhou, Guohao Chen, Yu Hu, Bin Xiao, Mingkui Tan

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 8095-8103.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/900 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 LLMs have demonstrated impressive performance across various language tasks. However, the strengths of LLMs can vary due to different architectures, model sizes, areas of training data, etc. Therefore, ensemble reasoning for the strengths of different LLM experts is critical to achieving consistent and satisfactory performance on diverse inputs across a wide range of tasks. However, existing LLM ensemble methods are either computationally intensive or incapable of leveraging complementary knowledge among LLM experts for various inputs. In this paper, we propose an efficient Dynamic Ensemble Reasoning paradigm, called DER to integrate the strengths of multiple LLM experts conditioned on dynamic inputs. Specifically, we model the LLM ensemble reasoning problem as a Markov Decision Process, wherein an agent sequentially takes inputs to request knowledge from an LLM candidate and passes the output to a subsequent LLM candidate. Moreover, we devise a reward function to train a DER-Agent to dynamically select an optimal answering route given the input questions, aiming to achieve the highest performance with as few computational resources as possible. Last, to fully transfer the expert knowledge from the prior LLMs, we develop a Knowledge Transfer Prompt that enables the subsequent LLM candidates to transfer complementary knowledge effectively. Experiments demonstrate that our method uses fewer computational resources to achieve better performance compared to state-of-the-art baselines. Code and appendix are available at https://github.com/Fhujinwu/DER.

 Keywords:
 Natural Language Processing: NLP: Language generation 
 Natural Language Processing: NLP: Applications 
 Natural Language Processing: NLP: Question answering 
 Natural Language Processing: NLP: Tools

 Copyright © 2026,