Towards Dynamic Spatial-Temporal Graph Learning: A Decoupled Perspective
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 8: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 8
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Data Mining & Knowledge Management

 Towards Dynamic Spatial-Temporal Graph Learning: A Decoupled Perspective

 Authors

 Binwu Wang

 University of Science and Technology of China

 Pengkun Wang

 University of Science and Technology of China

 Yudong Zhang

 University of Science and Technology of China

 Xu Wang

 University of Science and Technology of China

 Zhengyang Zhou

 University of Science and Technology of China

 Lei Bai

 Shanghai AI Laboratory

 Yang Wang

 University of Science and Technology of China

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i8.28759

 Keywords:

 DMKM: Mining of Spatial, Temporal or Spatio-Temporal Data, DMKM: Data Stream Mining, DMKM: Graph Mining, Social Network Analysis & Community 

 Abstract

 With the progress of urban transportation systems, a significant amount of high-quality traffic data is continuously collected through streaming manners, which has propelled the prosperity of the field of spatial-temporal graph prediction. In this paper, rather than solely focusing on designing powerful models for static graphs, we shift our focus to spatial-temporal graph prediction in the dynamic scenario, which involves a continuously expanding and evolving underlying graph. To address inherent challenges, a decoupled learning framework (DLF) is proposed in this paper, which consists of a spatial-temporal graph learning network (DSTG) with a specialized decoupling training strategy. Incorporating inductive biases of time-series structures, DSTG can interpret time dependencies into latent trend and seasonal terms. To enable prompt adaptation to the evolving distribution of the dynamic graph, our decoupling training strategy is devised to iteratively update these two types of patterns. Specifically, for learning seasonal patterns, we conduct thorough training for the model using a long time series (e.g., three months of data). To enhance the learning ability of the model, we also introduce the masked auto-encoding mechanism. During this period, we frequently update trend patterns to expand new information from dynamic graphs. Considering both effectiveness and efficiency, we develop a subnet sampling strategy to select a few representative nodes for fine-tuning the weights of the model. These sampled nodes cover unseen patterns and previously learned patterns. Experiments on dynamic spatial-temporal graph datasets further demonstrate the competitive performance, superior efficiency, and strong scalability of the proposed framework.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Wang, B., Wang, P., Zhang, Y., Wang, X., Zhou, Z., Bai, L., & Wang, Y. (2024). Towards Dynamic Spatial-Temporal Graph Learning: A Decoupled Perspective. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (8), 9089–9097. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i8.28759

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 8: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 8

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Data Mining & Knowledge Management

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence