Creative Synthesis of Kinematic Mechanisms 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 Creative Synthesis of Kinematic Mechanisms

 Jiong Lin, Jialong Ning, Judah Goldfeder, Hod Lipson

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 38 Creative AI (NeurIPS 2025) 
 Creative AI 

 Bibtex Paper 

 Abstract

 In this paper, we formulate the problem of kinematic synthesis for planar linkages as a cross-domain image generation task. We develop a planar linkages dataset using RGB image representations, covering a range of mechanisms: from simple types such as crank-rocker and crank-slider to more complex eight-bar linkages like Jansen’s mechanism. A shared-latent variational autoencoder (VAE) is employed to explore the potential of image generative models for synthesizing unseen motion curves and simulating novel kinematics. By encoding the drawing speed of trajectory points as color gradients, the same architecture also supports kinematic synthesis conditioned on both trajectory shape and velocity profiles. We validate our method on three datasets of increasing complexity: a standard four-bar linkage set, a mixed set of four-bar and crank-slider mechanisms, and a complex set including multi-loop mechanisms. Preliminary results demonstrate the effectiveness of image-based representations for generative mechanical design, showing that mechanisms with revolute and prismatic joints, and potentially cams and gears, can be represented and synthesized within a unified image generation framework.

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly