OVD-Explorer: Optimism Should Not Be the Sole Pursuit of Exploration in Noisy Environments
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 12: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 12
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning III

 OVD-Explorer: Optimism Should Not Be the Sole Pursuit of Exploration in Noisy Environments

 Authors

 Jinyi Liu

 College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University

 Zhi Wang

 Independent Researcher

 Yan Zheng

 College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University

 Jianye Hao

 College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University

 Chenjia Bai

 Shanghai AI Laboratory

 Junjie Ye

 Independent Researcher

 Zhen Wang

 Northwestern Polytechnical University

 Haiyin Piao

 Northwestern Polytechnical University

 Yang Sun

 SADRI institute

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i12.29303

 Keywords:

 ML: Reinforcement Learning 

 Abstract

 In reinforcement learning, the optimism in the face of uncertainty (OFU) is a mainstream principle for directing exploration towards less explored areas, characterized by higher uncertainty. However, in the presence of environmental stochasticity (noise), purely optimistic exploration may lead to excessive probing of high-noise areas, consequently impeding exploration efficiency. Hence, in exploring noisy environments, while optimism-driven exploration serves as a foundation, prudent attention to alleviating unnecessary over-exploration in high-noise areas becomes beneficial. In this work, we propose Optimistic Value Distribution Explorer (OVD-Explorer) to achieve a noise-aware optimistic exploration for continuous control. OVD-Explorer proposes a new measurement of the policy's exploration ability considering noise in optimistic perspectives, and leverages gradient ascent to drive exploration. Practically, OVD-Explorer can be easily integrated with continuous control RL algorithms. Extensive evaluations on the MuJoCo and GridChaos tasks demonstrate the superiority of OVD-Explorer in achieving noise-aware optimistic exploration.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Liu, J., Wang, Z., Zheng, Y., Hao, J., Bai, C., Ye, J., … Sun, Y. (2024). OVD-Explorer: Optimism Should Not Be the Sole Pursuit of Exploration in Noisy Environments. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (12), 13954–13962. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i12.29303

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 12: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 12

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning III

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence