When P4 Meets Run-to-completion Architecture | USENIX 

 Back to USENIX Sign In 
 Conferences 

 Attend 

 Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Schedule 

 Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session and Reception 

 Participate 

 Call for Papers 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship Program 

 Sponsors 

 Exhibitor Services 

 About 

 Past Symposia 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 When P4 Meets Run-to-completion Architecture

 Hao Zheng, State Key Laboratory for Novel Software Technology, Nanjing University, China; Xin Yan, Huawei, China; Wenbo Li, Jiaqi Zheng, and Xiaoliang Wang, State Key Laboratory for Novel Software Technology, Nanjing University, China; Qingqing Zhao, Luyou He, Xiaofei Lai, Feng Gao, and Fuguang Huang, Huawei, China; Wanchun Dou, Guihai Chen, and Chen Tian, State Key Laboratory for Novel Software Technology, Nanjing University, China 

 P4 programmable data planes have significantly accelerated the evolution of various network technologies. Although the P4 language has gained wide acceptance, its further development encounters two obstacles: limited programmability and the cessation of the next-generation Tofino chip. As a hardware manufacturer, we try to address the above dilemmas by opening the P4 programmability of our run-to-completion (RTC) chips. At present, there is no publicly available experience in this field. We introduce P4RTC, a comprehensive consolidation of our experiences applying the P4 language to RTC architecture. P4RTC introduces a new P4 architecture model and a set of beneficial extern constructs to fully leverage the RTC architecture’s programmability. Besides, we share the insights we have gained from designing and implementing compilers. We also provide a performance model to facilitate profiling P4RTC’s performance on user-customized P4 code. We prototype P4RTC on an RTC chip with 1.2 Tbps bandwidth. Case-oriented evaluation demonstrates that P4RTC can enhance P4 programmability and reduce the burdens of RTC development. The performance model can provide substantial insights into optimizing P4RTC programs.

 NSDI '25 Open Access Sponsored by
King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST) 

 Open Access Media 
 USENIX is committed to Open Access to the research presented at our events. Papers and proceedings are freely available to everyone once the event begins. Any video, audio, and/or slides that are posted after the event are also free and open to everyone. Support USENIX and our commitment to Open Access.

 This content is available to:
 Conference attendees 

 BibTeX
 @inproceedings {305314,

 author = {Hao Zheng and Xin Yan and Wenbo Li and Jiaqi Zheng and Xiaoliang Wang and Qingqing Zhao and Luyou He and Xiaofei Lai and Feng Gao and Fuguang Huang and Wanchun Dou and Guihai Chen and Chen Tian},

 title = {When P4 Meets Run-to-completion Architecture},

 booktitle = {22nd USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI 25)},

 year = {2025},

 isbn = {978-1-939133-46-5},

 address = {Philadelphia, PA},

 pages = {1487--1505},

 url = {https://www.usenix.org/conference/nsdi25/presentation/zheng-hao},

 publisher = {USENIX Association},

 month = apr

}

 Download 

 Zheng PDF 

 Zheng Paper (Prepublication) PDF 

 View the slides 

 Presentation Video 

 Attend Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Schedule Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session and Reception 

 Participate Call for Papers 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship Program 

 Sponsors Exhibitor Services 

 About Past Symposia 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 LinkedIn Facebook Youtube Twitter Mastodon 

 Privacy Policy 

 Contact Us 

 © USENIX 

 EIN 13-3055038