Training-Free Adaptive Diffusion with Bounded Difference Approximation Strategy 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 Training-Free Adaptive Diffusion with Bounded Difference Approximation Strategy

 Hancheng Ye, Jiakang Yuan, Renqiu Xia, Xiangchao Yan, Tao Chen, Junchi Yan, Botian Shi, Bo Zhang

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 Diffusion models have recently achieved great success in the synthesis of high-quality images and videos. However, the existing denoising techniques in diffusion models are commonly based on step-by-step noise predictions, which suffers from high computation cost, resulting in a prohibitive latency for interactive applications. In this paper, we propose AdaptiveDiffusion to relieve this bottleneck by adaptively reducing the noise prediction steps during the denoising process. Our method considers the potential of skipping as many noise prediction steps as possible while keeping the final denoised results identical to the original full-step ones. Specifically, the skipping strategy is guided by the third-order latent difference that indicates the stability between timesteps during the denoising process, which benefits the reusing of previous noise prediction results. Extensive experiments on image and video diffusion models demonstrate that our method can significantly speed up the denoising process while generating identical results to the original process, achieving up to an average 2-5x speedup without quality degradation. The code is available at https://github.com/UniModal4Reasoning/AdaptiveDiffusion

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-0010 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly