StockMixer: A Simple Yet Strong MLP-Based Architecture for Stock Price Forecasting
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 8: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 8
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Data Mining & Knowledge Management

 StockMixer: A Simple Yet Strong MLP-Based Architecture for Stock Price Forecasting

 Authors

 Jinyong Fan

 Shanghai Jiao Tong University

 Yanyan Shen

 Shanghai Jiao Tong University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i8.28681

 Keywords:

 DMKM: Mining of Spatial, Temporal or Spatio-Temporal Data, DMKM: Applications 

 Abstract

 Stock price forecasting is a fundamental yet challenging task in quantitative investment. Various researchers have developed a combination of neural network models (e.g., RNNs, GNNs, Transformers) for capturing complex indicator, temporal and stock correlations of the stock data.While complex architectures are highly expressive, they are often difficult to optimize and the performances are often compromised by the limited stock data. In this paper, we propose a simple MLP-based architecture named StockMixer which is easy to optimize and enjoys strong predictive performance. StockMixer performs indicator mixing, followed by time mixing, and finally stock mixing. Unlike the standard MLP-based mixing, we devise the time mixing to exchange multi-scale time patch information and realize the stock mixing by exploiting stock-to-market and market-to-stock influences explicitly. Extensive experiments on real stock benchmarks demonstrate our proposed StockMixer outperforms various state-of-the-art forecasting methods with a notable margin while reducing memory usage and runtime cost.Code is available at https://github.com/SJTU-Quant/StockMixer.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Fan, J., & Shen, Y. (2024). StockMixer: A Simple Yet Strong MLP-Based Architecture for Stock Price Forecasting. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (8), 8389–8397. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i8.28681

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 8: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 8

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Data Mining & Knowledge Management

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence