Wrapped Partial Label Dimensionality Reduction via Dependence Maximization | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Wrapped Partial Label Dimensionality Reduction via Dependence Maximization

 Wrapped Partial Label Dimensionality Reduction via Dependence Maximization

 Xiang-Ru Yu, Deng-Bao Wang, Min-Ling Zhang

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 6913-6921.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/769 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Partial label learning induces classifier from data with ambiguous supervision, where each instance is associated with a set of candidate labels but only one of which is valid. As a classic data preprocessing strategy, dimensionality reduction contributes to enhance the generalization capabilities of learning algorithms. Due to the ambiguity of supervision, existing works on partial label dimensionality reduction are confined to two separate stages: dimensionality reduction and partial label disambiguation. However, the decoupling of dimensionality reduction from partial label disambiguation can lead to severe performance degradation. In this paper, we present a novel approach called Wrapped Partial Label Dimensionality Reduction (WPLDR) to address this challenge. Specifically, WPLDR integrates the dimensionality reduction and partial label disambiguation within a unified framework, employing alternating optimization to concurrently perform dimensionality reduction and partial label disambiguation. WPLDR maximizes the interdependence between features in the embedded space and confidence-based label information, while simultaneously ensuring the manifold consistency between the embedded feature space and label space. Extensive experiments over a broad range of synthetic and real-world partial label data sets validate that the performance of well-established partial label learning algorithms can be significantly improved by the proposed WPLDR.

 Keywords:
 Machine Learning: ML: Feature extraction, selection and dimensionality reduction 
 Machine Learning: ML: Weakly supervised learning

 Copyright © 2026,