CVPR 2025 Open Access Repository 

 CVPR 2025 open access 

 These CVPR 2025 papers are the Open Access versions, provided by the
 Computer Vision Foundation. 

Except for the watermark, they are identical to the accepted versions;
the final published version of the proceedings is available on IEEE Xplore.

 This material is presented to ensure timely dissemination of scholarly and technical work.
Copyright and all rights therein are retained by authors or by other copyright holders.
All persons copying this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked 
by each author's copyright.

 Powered by: 

 Sponsored by: 

 Font-Agent: Enhancing Font Understanding with Large Language Models

 Yingxin Lai, Cuijie Xu, Haitian Shi, Guoqing Yang, Xiaoning Li, Zhiming Luo, Shaozi Li ; Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 2025, pp. 19670-19680

 Abstract 

 The rapid development of generative models has significantly advanced font generation. However, limited exploration has been devoted to the evaluation and interpretability of graphical fonts. Existing quality assessment models can only provide basic visual analyses, such as recognizing clarity and brightness, without in-depth explanations. To address these limitations, we first constructed a large-scale multimodal dataset named the Diversity Font Dataset (DFD), comprising 135,000 font-text pairs. This dataset encompasses a wide range of generated font types and annotations, including language descriptions and quality assessments, thus providing a robust foundation for training and evaluating font analysis models. Based on this dataset, we developed a font agent built upon a Vision-Language Model (VLM) aiming to enhance font quality assessment and offer interpretable question-answering capabilities. Alongside the original visual encoder in VLM, we integrated an Edge-Aware Traces (EAT) module to capture detailed edge information of font strokes and components. Furthermore, we introduced a Dynamic Direct Preference Optimization (D-DPO) strategy to facilitate efficient model fine-tuning. Experimental results demonstrate that Font-Agent achieves state-of-the-art performance on the established dataset. To further evaluate the generalization ability of our algorithm, we conducted additional experiments on several public datasets. The results highlight the notable advantage of Font-Agent in both assessing the quality of generated fonts and comprehending their content.

 Related Material 

[ pdf ]
 [ bibtex ]
 @InProceedings{Lai_2025_CVPR,
 author = {Lai, Yingxin and Xu, Cuijie and Shi, Haitian and Yang, Guoqing and Li, Xiaoning and Luo, Zhiming and Li, Shaozi},
 title = {Font-Agent: Enhancing Font Understanding with Large Language Models},
 booktitle = {Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)},
 month = {June},
 year = {2025},
 pages = {19670-19680}
}