Coupled Confusion Correction: Learning from Crowds with Sparse Annotations
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 15: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 15
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning VI

 Coupled Confusion Correction: Learning from Crowds with Sparse Annotations

 Authors

 Hansong Zhang

 Institute of Information Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100092, China
School of Cyber Security, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China

 Shikun Li

 Institute of Information Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100092, China
School of Cyber Security, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China

 Dan Zeng

 Department of Communication Engineering, Shanghai University, Shanghai 200040, China

 Chenggang Yan

 Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou 310018, China

 Shiming Ge

 Institute of Information Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100092, China
School of Cyber Security, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i15.29613

 Keywords:

 ML: Classification and Regression, HAI: Crowd Sourcing and Human Computation, ML: Deep Learning Algorithms, ML: Optimization, ML: Representation Learning 

 Abstract

 As the size of the datasets getting larger, accurately annotating such datasets is becoming more impractical due to the expensiveness on both time and economy. Therefore, crowd-sourcing has been widely adopted to alleviate the cost of collecting labels, which also inevitably introduces label noise and eventually degrades the performance of the model. To learn from crowd-sourcing annotations, modeling the expertise of each annotator is a common but challenging paradigm, because the annotations collected by crowd-sourcing are usually highly-sparse. To alleviate this problem, we propose Coupled Confusion Correction (CCC), where two models are simultaneously trained to correct the confusion matrices learned by each other. Via bi-level optimization, the confusion matrices learned by one model can be corrected by the distilled data from the other. Moreover, we cluster the ``annotator groups'' who share similar expertise so that their confusion matrices could be corrected together. In this way, the expertise of the annotators, especially of those who provide seldom labels, could be better captured. Remarkably, we point out that the annotation sparsity not only means the average number of labels is low, but also there are always some annotators who provide very few labels, which is neglected by previous works when constructing synthetic crowd-sourcing annotations. Based on that, we propose to use Beta distribution to control the generation of the crowd-sourcing labels so that the synthetic annotations could be more consistent with the real-world ones. Extensive experiments are conducted on two types of synthetic datasets and three real-world datasets, the results of which demonstrate that CCC significantly outperforms state-of-the-art approaches. Source codes are available at: https://github.com/Hansong-Zhang/CCC.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Zhang, H., Li, S., Zeng, D., Yan, C., & Ge, S. (2024). Coupled Confusion Correction: Learning from Crowds with Sparse Annotations. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (15), 16732–16740. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i15.29613

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 15: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 15

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning VI

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence