Low-Latency Space-Time Supersampling for Real-Time Rendering
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 3: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 3
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision II

 Low-Latency Space-Time Supersampling for Real-Time Rendering

 Authors

 Ruian He

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Shili Zhou

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Yuqi Sun

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Ri Cheng

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Weimin Tan

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 Bo Yan

 School of Computer Science, Shanghai Key Laboratory of Intelligent Information Processing, Fudan University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i3.27982

 Keywords:

 CV: Computational Photography, Image & Video Synthesis, CV: Low Level & Physics-based Vision 

 Abstract

 With the rise of real-time rendering and the evolution of display devices, there is a growing demand for post-processing methods that offer high-resolution content in a high frame rate. Existing techniques often suffer from quality and latency issues due to the disjointed treatment of frame supersampling and extrapolation. In this paper, we recognize the shared context and mechanisms between frame supersampling and extrapolation, and present a novel framework, Space-time Supersampling (STSS). By integrating them into a unified framework, STSS can improve the overall quality with lower latency. To implement an efficient architecture, we treat the aliasing and warping holes unified as reshading regions and put forth two key components to compensate the regions, namely Random Reshading Masking (RRM) and Efficient Reshading Module (ERM). Extensive experiments demonstrate that our approach achieves superior visual fidelity compared to state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods. Notably, the performance is achieved within only 4ms, saving up to 75\% of time against the conventional two-stage pipeline that necessitates 17ms.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 He, R., Zhou, S., Sun, Y., Cheng, R., Tan, W., & Yan, B. (2024). Low-Latency Space-Time Supersampling for Real-Time Rendering. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (3), 2103–2111. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i3.27982

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 3: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 3

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision II

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence