ACL 2022 | Call for Papers 

 -->

 Programme Overview 

 Programme Overview 

 Home

 About ACL

 Organisers

 Senior Area Chairs 
 
 Programme

 Conference Programme 
 Interactive Conference Programme 
 Accepted Papers 
 Workshops 
 Tutorials 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Invited Talks 
 Best Paper Awards 
 Best Demo Paper Award 
 Social Programme 
 
 D&I Special Initiative

 Calls

 Call for Papers 
 Call for Tutorials 
 Call for Workshops 
 Call for Demos 
 Call for SRW Papers 
 Call for Student Scholarship/Volunteers 
 Call for Birds of a Feather Sessions 
 Call for Special Affinity Group Meetings 
 Call for D&I Fee Waiver 
 
 Sponsorship

 Registration

 General Information

 Conference Venue 
 Covid-19 Safety 
 Harrassment Policy 
 Accommodation 
 Travel to Ireland 
 Travel to the Venue 
 About Ireland 
 About Dublin 
 Useful Information 
 Visa/Passport 
 Enjoying Ireland 
 
 Blogs

 Contact Us

 Contact Us

 Use tab to navigate through the menu items.

 Call for Papers 

 MAIN CONFERENCE 

 ACL 2022 invites the submission of long and short papers featuring substantial, original, and unpublished research in all aspects of Computational Linguistics and Natural Language Processing. As in recent years, some of the presentations at the conference will be of papers accepted by the Transactions of the ACL (TACL) and by the Computational Linguistics (CL) journals. 

 ​ 

 SUBMISSIONS TOPICS 

 ACL 2022 aims to have a broad technical program. Relevant topics for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following areas (in alphabetical order): 

 Computational Social Science and Cultural Analytics 

 Dialogue and Interactive Systems 

 Discourse and Pragmatics 

 Ethics and NLP 

 Generation 

 Information Extraction 

 Information Retrieval and Text Mining 

 Interpretability and Analysis of Models for NLP 

 Language Grounding to Vision, Robotics and Beyond 

 Linguistic Theories, Cognitive Modeling, and Psycholinguistics 

 Machine Learning for NLP 

 Machine Translation and Multilinguality 

 NLP Applications 

 Phonology, Morphology, and Word Segmentation 

 Question Answering 

 Resources and Evaluation 

 Semantics: Lexical 

 Semantics: Sentence-level Semantics, Textual Inference, and Other Areas 

 Sentiment Analysis, Stylistic Analysis, and Argument Mining 

 Speech and Multimodality 

 Summarization 

 Syntax: Tagging, Chunking and Parsing 

 Theme: “Language Diversity: from Low-Resource to Endangered Languages” 

 ACL 2022 Theme Track: “Language Diversity: from Low-Resource to Endangered Languages” 

 Following the success of the ACL 2020 and the ACL 2021 Theme tracks, we are happy to announce that ACL 2022 will have a new theme to commemorate the 60th anniversary of ACL with the goal of reflecting and stimulating discussion about how the advances in computational linguistics and natural language processing can be used to promote language diversity from low-resource to endangered languages. 

 According to Ethnologue, there are more than 7,000 living languages in the world today, yet the majority of speech and language technologies have focused only on a small subset of these languages. For ACL 2022, we seek papers that discuss and reflect on the “role of the speech and language technologies in sustaining language use” (Bird, 2020) for the large variety of world languages with focus on under-resourced, indigenous, and/or endangered languages. What are the challenges for developing and scaling up the current NLP technologies for the rich diversity of human languages and what are the ethical, cultural and policy implications of such technologies for the local communities? We invite researchers to submit position, opinion, modelling, and resource papers on the following topics: 

 Reflecting on the NLP community’s current progress on building speech and language technologies for under-resourced, indigenous and/or endangered languages and how we can make meaningful advances in the future. 

 Discussions of how computational linguistic research could make (and has made) both positive and negative impact on language diversity and novel approaches to foster the positive while mitigating any negative impact. 

 What computational methods and/or paradigms are needed for building adequate speech and language technologies for under-resourced, indigenous and/or endangered languages? (e.g., is the zero-resource scenario meaningful? How to exploit typological information? How to build models for highly complex morphological languages such as polysynthetic languages? Is the human-in-the-loop paradigm the way forward?) 

 Quantitative and qualitative evaluation methods to assess the impact of NLP research for sustaining language maintenance and use for the large diversity of world languages. 

 Ways in which NLP practitioners can partner with language communities to develop impactful research (including data collection) and applications that can help sustain language use for indigenous and/or endangered languages, including such impacts as the development of teaching and learning materials for both children and adults. 

 Discussions of how heavily aligned NLP research should be with the goals of language communities w.r.t to their languages (e.g., is the loss of knowledge or the loss of language the priority for a particular language community). 

 You can find more details here. 

 We anticipate having a special session for this theme at the conference and a best Thematic Paper Award in addition to the traditional Best Paper Awards. 

 ​ 

 PAPER SUBMISSION PROCESS 

 ACL Rolling Review 

 ACL 2022 and NAACL 2022 have decided to help implement the vision of using the ACL Rolling Review (ARR) for major conference submissions and have worked out a coordinated submission plan to allow for maximum flexibility for the authors. ARR is a new review system for *ACL conferences, where reviewing and acceptance of papers to publication venues is done in a two-step process: (1) centralized rolling review via ARR and (2) commitment to a publication venue (e.g., ACL 2022). The purpose of ACL Rolling Review is to improve efficiency and turnaround of reviewing in *ACL conferences while keeping the diversity (geographic and otherwise) and editorial freedom. 

 ​ 

 Important Dates for ACL 2022 

 Anonymity period begins 

 1 month before submitting to the ACL Rolling Review 

 Paper submission deadline to ARR 

 (long & short papers that want to be considered for ACL 2022 need to be submitted to ARR latest by November 15, 2021) 

 November 15, 2021 

 Commitment deadline for ACL 2022 

 (deadline for authors to submit their reviewed papers, reviews, and meta-review to ACL 2022) 

 January 15, 2022 

 Notification of acceptance 

 February 23, 2022 

 Deadline for authors to withdraws papers from ACL 2022 or Findings of ACL 2022 

 February 26, 2022 

 ​ 

 Camera-ready version of papers due 

 March 15, 2022 

 Note: All deadlines are 11:59PM UTC-12:00 ("anywhere on Earth"). 

 ​ 

 ACL Rolling Review Submission Process and Submission Deadline for ACL 2022 

 When authors submit a paper to the ACL Rolling Review (ARR), they need to select a preferred venue. This will allow each conference to calculate acceptance rates (see more details on acceptance rates in the ACL 2022 Chairs Blog). Please select ACL 2022 if at the time of submitting to ARR you intend to have your paper considered for ACL 2022. Authors can submit as early as they would like to ARR to benefit from multiple rounds of reviews up to November 15, 2021, which is the latest submission deadline to ARR for a paper to be considered for ACL 2022. This means the authors can submit to ARR on September 15, October 15, and November 15 and select ACL 2022 as their preferred venue. The paper will be assigned an ARR Action Editor, who will make sure that appropriate reviewers are selected for their paper. Besides general topics of ARR, ACL 2022 will have a Special Theme on “Language Diversity: from Low-resource to Endangered Languages”. ACL 2022 will work with ARR to select Action Editors and reviewers for the special theme and will provide a special review form for these papers. 

 The papers will be reviewed within the ARR timeline (usually, on the 20th of the month following their submission, the authors will receive reviews and meta-reviews). The authors can decide to address the comments and to submit a revised version of their paper to ARR and/or to commit the current version of their paper with the associated ARR reviews and meta-reviews to ACL 2022. The deadline for committing a version of a paper with the associated ARR reviews and meta-review to ACL 2022 is January 7, 2022. 

 Commitment Deadline, Process, and Period for ACL 2022 

 On or before January 15, 2022, the authors need to commit a given version of their paper for consideration to ACL 2022. The authors would be able to commit their paper to ACL 2022 only if the paper has received reviews and meta-reviews in ARR by the commitment deadline. That is why the ACL 2022 team has set the submission deadline to ARR for ACL 2022 to November 15, 2021 to make sure that by January 15, 2022 all submitted papers have reviews and meta-reviews (we have allowed for some unforeseen delays and several holidays at the end of December and in early January). If the paper has multiple versions (revisions), only the latest version that has reviews and meta-reviews is allowed to be committed to ACL 2022. A given version of the paper can only be committed to *one* venue at a time. Note: the authors can decide to revise their paper and submit to ARR for another round of reviews, while a version of their paper is committed to ACL 2022. When committing to ACL 2022, the authors will send a version of the paper with the associated reviews, meta-review and an optional comment to Senior Area Chairs. 

 ACL 2022 will have several areas including the special theme track, and each area will have several Senior Area Chairs. We have decided to appoint more SACs per area than has been customary until now in order to make sure each paper is properly considered by at least one SAC. We will also ensure that a reviewer or Action Editor in ARR for a paper cannot be a SAC for that paper. The comment addressed to the Senior Area Chairs is intended mainly to raise concerns about objective misunderstandings of reviewers and/or Action Editor with regard to technical parts of the paper that the authors consider will help the Senior Area Chairs in their decision process. ACL 2022 SACs will provide a short, written justification for their decision for each paper that will be considered by the Program Co-Chairs for their final decision. We have decided to allow such an optional comment to the Senior Area Chairs particularly for papers that will be submitted to the latest deadline and would not have time to benefit from multiple rounds of reviewing. We encourage the authors to submit early (e.g., September 15, 2022) to benefit from multiple rounds of reviews, which we believe will reduce the need to send a comment to the Senior Area Chairs. 

 Authors will receive the acceptance/rejection decision by February 23, 2022. Thus, the commitment period of a paper to ACL 2022 is January 15, 2022 – February 23, 2022. In case of acceptance, authors will have until February 26, 2022 to reconsider their commitment to publish at ACL 2022 or at the Findings of ACL 2022. If the authors decide to withdraw from ACL 2022 or from the Findings of ACL 2022, they need to let the Program Co-Chairs know by February 26, 2022. Withdrawn papers from ACL 2022 or from the Findings of ACL 2022 as well as rejected papers from ACL 2022 can be committed to NAACL 2022 (either the same version of the paper or an improved version) by the NAACL 2022 commitment deadline (March 2, 2022). 

 More details can be found in the ACL 2022 Chairs Blog . 

 ​ 

 Long Papers 

 Long papers must describe substantial, original, completed, and unpublished work. Wherever appropriate, concrete evaluation and analysis should be included. 

 Long papers may consist of up to eight (8) pages of content, plus unlimited pages of references. Final versions of long papers will be given one additional page of content (up to 9 pages), so that reviewers’ comments can be taken into account. 

 Long papers will be presented orally or as posters as determined by the program committee. The decisions as to which papers will be presented orally and which as poster presentations will be based on the nature rather than the quality of the work. There will be no distinction in the proceedings between long papers presented orally and long papers presented as posters. 

 ​ 

 Short Papers 

 Short paper submissions must describe original and unpublished work. Please note that a short paper is not a shortened long paper. Instead, short papers should have a point that can be made in a few pages. Some kinds of short papers include: 

 A small, focused contribution 

 A negative result 

 An opinion piece 

 An interesting application nugget 

 Short papers may consist of up to four (4) pages of content, plus unlimited pages of references. Final versions of short papers will be given one additional page of content (up to 5 pages), so that reviewers' comments can be taken into account. 

 Short papers will be presented orally or as posters as determined by the program committee. While short papers will be distinguished from long papers in the proceedings, there will be no distinction in the proceedings between short papers presented orally and short papers presented as posters. 

 ​ 

 Theme Papers 

 The submission requirements for theme papers are the same as for long papers. However, the nature of a long paper is different from a short paper and will be reviewed using a different review form. See details on the distinction between a regular paper and a theme paper here. 

 ​ 

 IMPORTANT: Anonymity Period 

 1 month before submission to ARR. See ARR CFP guidelines . 

 ​ 

 Instructions for Double-Blind Review 

 See ARR CFP guidelines on Double-Blind Review. 

 ​ 

 Authorship 

 See ARR CFP guidelines on Authorship. 

 ​ 

 Citation and Comparison 

 See ARR CFP guidelines on Citation and Comparison. 

 ​ 

 Multiple Submission Policy 

 We follow the ARR Multiple Submission Policy. See the ARR CFP guidelines on Multiple Submission Policy. In addition, we are working with NAACL 2022 and with the ACL 2022 workshops to ensure that our timelines are coordinated and that the ACL 2022 notifications will be sent out before the submissions deadlines for NAACL 2022 and the ACL 2022 workshops. See details about how this is implemented in the scenarios mentioned in the ACL 2022 Chairs Blog . 

 ​ 

 Ethics Policy 

 Authors are required to honour the ethical code set out in the ACL Code of Ethics . See the ARR Author Checklist on Ethics. 

 ​ 

 Reproducibility Criteria 

 See ARR Author Checklist . 

 ​ 

 Paper Submission and Templates 

 The paper submissions will be done via ARR. For more information about templates, guidelines, and instructions, see the ARR CFP guidelines . 

 ​ 

 Optional Supplementary Materials: Appendices, Software, and Data 

 See the ARR CFP guidelines . 

 ​ 

 PRESENTATION REQUIREMENT 

 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference to appear in the proceedings. The authors of papers accepted for presentation at ACL 2022 or at the Findings of ACL 2022 must notify the program chairs by February 23, 2022 if they wish to withdraw their paper. 

 At least one author of each accepted paper must register for ACL 2022 by the early registration deadline. 

 ​ 

 CONTACT INFORMATION 

 General chair: 

 Bernardo Magnini, Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Trento, Italy 

 Program co-chairs: 

 Smaranda Muresan, Columbia University, USA 

 Preslav Nakov, Qatar Computing Research Institute, HBKU, Qatar 

 Aline Villavicencio, University of Sheffield, UK 

 Email: pcs.acl2022@gmail.com 

 Commit Your Paper To ACL 2022 Here 
 Commit Your Paper To ACL 2022 Here 

 © 2021 by Abbey Group