A SAT Solver + Computer Algebra Attack on the Minimum Kochen–Specker Problem | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 A SAT Solver + Computer Algebra Attack on the Minimum Kochen–Specker Problem

 A SAT Solver + Computer Algebra Attack on the Minimum Kochen–Specker Problem

 Zhengyu Li, Curtis Bright, Vijay Ganesh

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 1898-1906.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/210 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 One of the fundamental results in quantum foundations is the Kochen–Specker (KS) theorem, which states that any theory whose predictions agree with quantum mechanics must be contextual, i.e., a quantum observation cannot be understood as revealing a pre-existing value. The theorem hinges on the existence of a mathematical object called a KS vector system. While many KS vector systems are known, the problem of finding the minimum KS vector system in three dimensions (3D) has remained stubbornly open for over 55 years. To address the minimum KS problem, we present a new verifiable proof-producing method based on a combination of a Boolean satisfiability (SAT) solver and a computer algebra system (CAS) that uses an isomorph-free orderly generation technique that is very effective in pruning away large parts of the search space. Our method shows that a KS system in 3D must contain at least 24 vectors. We show that our sequential and parallel Cube-and-Conquer (CnC) SAT+CAS methods are significantly faster than SAT-only, CAS-only, and a prior CAS-based method of Uijlen and Westerbaan. Further, while our parallel pipeline is somewhat slower than the parallel CnC version of the recently introduced Satisfiability Modulo Theories (SMS) method, this is in part due to the overhead of proof generation. Finally, we provide the first computer-verifiable proof certificate of a lower bound to the KS problem with a size of 40.3 TiB in order 23.

 Keywords:
 Constraint Satisfaction and Optimization: CSO: Satisfiabilty 
 Constraint Satisfaction and Optimization: CSO: Applications 
 Constraint Satisfaction and Optimization: CSO: Solvers and tools

 Copyright © 2026,