When is Multicalibration Post-Processing Necessary? 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 When is Multicalibration Post-Processing Necessary?

 Dutch Hansen, Siddartha Devic, Preetum Nakkiran, Vatsal Sharan

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 Calibration is a well-studied property of predictors which guarantees meaningful uncertainty estimates. Multicalibration is a related notion --- originating in algorithmic fairness --- which requires predictors to be simultaneously calibrated over a potentially complex and overlapping collection of protected subpopulations (such as groups defined by ethnicity, race, or income). We conduct the first comprehensive study evaluating the usefulness of multicalibration post-processing across a broad set of tabular, image, and language datasets for models spanning from simple decision trees to 90 million parameter fine-tuned LLMs. Our findings can be summarized as follows: (1) models which are calibrated out of the box tend to be relatively multicalibrated without any additional post-processing; (2) multicalibration can help inherently uncalibrated models and also large vision and language models; and (3) traditional calibration measures may sometimes provide multicalibration implicitly. More generally, we also distill many independent observations which may be useful for practical and effective applications of multicalibration post-processing in real-world contexts.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-1213 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly