Approximating the Shapley Value without Marginal Contributions
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 12: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 12
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning III

 Approximating the Shapley Value without Marginal Contributions

 Authors

 Patrick Kolpaczki

 Paderborn University

 Viktor Bengs

 Institute of Informatics, University of Munich (LMU)
Munich Center for Machine Learning

 Maximilian Muschalik

 Institute of Informatics, University of Munich (LMU)
Munich Center for Machine Learning

 Eyke Hüllermeier

 Institute of Informatics, University of Munich (LMU)
Munich Center for Machine Learning

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i12.29225

 Keywords:

 ML: Transparent, Interpretable, Explainable ML, GTEP: Cooperative Game Theory 

 Abstract

 The Shapley value, which is arguably the most popular approach for assigning a meaningful contribution value to players in a cooperative game, has recently been used intensively in explainable artificial intelligence. Its meaningfulness is due to axiomatic properties that only the Shapley value satisfies, which, however, comes at the expense of an exact computation growing exponentially with the number of agents. Accordingly, a number of works are devoted to the efficient approximation of the Shapley value, most of them revolve around the notion of an agent's marginal contribution. In this paper, we propose with SVARM and Stratified SVARM two parameter-free and domain-independent approximation algorithms based on a representation of the Shapley value detached from the notion of marginal contribution. We prove unmatched theoretical guarantees regarding their approximation quality and provide empirical results including synthetic games as well as common explainability use cases comparing ourselves with state-of-the-art methods.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Kolpaczki, P., Bengs, V., Muschalik, M., & Hüllermeier, E. (2024). Approximating the Shapley Value without Marginal Contributions. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (12), 13246–13255. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i12.29225

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 12: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 12

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning III

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence