Call for Main Conference Papers - EMNLP 2024 

 You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.

 Program 

 Registration 

 Participants Info 

 Calls 

 Venue 

 Blog 

 Committees 

 Sponsors 

 Contact 

 Volunteers 

 Toggle menu 

 Call for 

 Diversity & Inclusion Subsidies 

 Main Conference Papers 

 System Demonstrations 

 Industry Track 

 Call for Main Conference Papers

 On this page

 Overview 

 Paper Submission Information 

 Mandatory Reviewing Workload (NEW!!) 

 Submission Topics 

 EMNLP 2024 Theme Track: Efficiency in Model Algorithms, Training, and Inference 

 Two Stage Review: Submission to ARR, Commitment to EMNLP 

 Important Dates for EMNLP 2024 

 Paper Submission Details 

 Presentation at the Conference 

 Contact Information 

 Overview

 EMNLP 2024 invites the submission of long and short papers featuring substantial, original, and unpublished research on empirical methods for Natural Language Processing. EMNLP2024 has a goal of a diverse technical program—in addition to traditional research results, papers may contribute negative findings, survey an area, announce the creation of a new resource, argue a position, report novel linguistic insights derived using existing computational techniques, and reproduce, or fail to reproduce, previous results. As in recent years, some of the presentations at the conference will be of papers accepted by the Transactions of the ACL (TACL) and the Computational Linguistics (CL) journals.

 Paper Submission Information

 Papers may be submitted to the ARR 2024 June cycle .
Papers that have received reviews and a meta-review from ARR (whether from the ARR 2024 June cycle or an earlier ARR cycle) may be committed to EMNLP via the commitment link .

 Mandatory Reviewing Workload (NEW!!)

 As our pace of research continues to increase, we need to strengthen the commitment to reviewing for each paper submission. During the ARR submission process, authors will be required to specify which co-authors are committing to cover reviewing in this reviewing cycle. Please see the new ARR policy regarding reviewing workload here . As this is an ARR-wide policy for all *CL conferences, questions or clarifications should be addressed to ARR directly.

 Submission Topics

 EMNLP 2024 aims to have a broad technical program. Relevant topics for the conference include, but are not limited to, the following areas:

 Computational Social Science and Cultural Analytics

 Dialogue and Interactive Systems

 Discourse and Pragmatics

 Low-resource Methods for NLP

 Ethics, Bias, and Fairness

 Generation

 Information Extraction

 Information Retrieval and Text Mining

 Interpretability and Analysis of Models for NLP

 Linguistic theories, Cognitive Modeling and Psycholinguistics

 Machine Learning for NLP

 Machine Translation

 Multilinguality and Language Diversity

 Multimodality and Language Grounding to Vision, Robotics and Beyond

 Phonology, Morphology and Word Segmentation

 Question Answering

 Resources and Evaluation

 Semantics: Lexical, Sentence-level Semantics, Textual Inference and Other areas

 Sentiment Analysis, Stylistic Analysis, and Argument Mining

 Speech processing and spoken language understanding

 Summarization

 Syntax: Tagging, Chunking and Parsing

 NLP Applications

 Special Theme: Efficiency in Model Algorithms, Training, and Inference

 EMNLP 2024 Theme Track: Efficiency in Model Algorithms, Training, and Inference

 This track provides a platform for researchers to explore key aspects of making model algorithms, training, and inference more efficient, e.g., quantization, data requirements, and model size. We welcome submissions that propose innovative approaches, methodologies, and techniques to streamline the training and inference process for language models while optimizing resource utilization and reducing model size. Authors are encouraged to explore various ways to enhance efficiency, including parameter-efficient tuning and methods for learning with less data and smaller model sizes, ultimately leading to more scalable, practical, and resource-efficient NLP systems.

 Two Stage Review: Submission to ARR, Commitment to EMNLP

 EMNLP 2024 will use ACL Rolling Review (ARR) as a reviewing system, but final decisions will be made by the conference. Both submissions of articles for review and commitment of reviewed articles to the conference will be performed via the Open Review platform. Specifically, authors will follow a two-step process:

 Authors submit articles to ARR, where submissions receive reviews and meta-reviews from ARR reviewers and action editors;

 Authors commit their reviewed articles to a publication venue (e.g., EMNLP 2024), where Senior Area Chairs and Program Chairs make acceptance decisions from the ARR reviews and meta-reviews.

 EMNLP 2024 has chosen this approach in coordination with *CL 2024 conferences, which are adopting the same procedure and a coordinated submission plan to allow maximum flexibility during their submission periods for the authors. At each cycle, after a paper has been fully reviewed, authors have the option to commit their paper to a conference, or revise and resubmit for another round of reviews.

 The reviewing process will continue to be double-blind. Reviewers will not see authors, nor will authors see reviewers and reviews on ARR will not be made publicly visible. However, authors will be given the option through ARR to make their anonymized submitted articles publicly visible.

 Important Dates for EMNLP 2024

 ARR submission deadline (long & short papers) 
 June 15, 2024 

 Commitment deadline for EMNLP 2024 
 August 20, 2024 

 Notification of acceptance (long & short papers) 
 September 20, 2024 

 Camera-ready papers due (long & short) 
 October 3, 2024 

 Main Conference 
 November 12-14, 2024 

 Workshops and Tutorials 
 November 15-16, 2024 

 Note: All deadlines are 11:59PM UTC-12:00 (“anywhere on Earth”). 

 Following the ACL and ARR policies , there is no anonymity period requirement. 

 At the time of submission to ARR, authors will be asked to select a preferred venue (e.g., EMNLP 2024). This is used only to calculate acceptance rates. Authors who selected EMNLP 2024 as a preferred venue when submitting to ARR may choose not to commit to EMNLP 2024 after receiving their reviews, and authors who selected a preferred venue other than EMNLP 2024 when submitting to ARR are still welcome to commit to EMNLP 2024.

 Paper Submission Details

 Both long and short paper submissions should follow all of the ARR submission requirements , including:

 Long Papers (8 pages) and Short Papers (4 pages)

 Instructions for Two-Way Anonymized Review 

 Authorship 

 Citation and Comparison 

 Multiple Submission Policy , Resubmission Policy , and Withdrawal Policy 

 Ethics Policy including the responsible NLP research checklist 

 Limitations 

 Writing Assistance 

 Paper Submission and Templates 

 Optional Supplementary Materials 

 Final versions of accepted papers will be given one additional page of content (up to 9 pages for long papers, up to 5 pages for short papers) to address reviewers’ comments.

 Presentation at the Conference

 All accepted papers must be presented at the conference to appear in the proceedings. The conference will include both in-person and virtual presentation options. Papers without at least one presenting author registered by the early registration deadline may be subject to desk rejection.
Long and short papers will be presented orally or as posters as determined by the program committee. While short papers will be distinguished from long papers in the proceedings, there will be no distinction in the proceedings between papers presented orally and papers presented as posters.

 Contact Information

 General Chair: 

 Thamar Solorio , Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial Intelligence and University of Houston

 Program Chairs: 

 Mohit Bansal , University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

 Yun-Nung (Vivian) Chen , National Taiwan University

 Yaser Alonaizan , Saudi Data and AI Authority, National Center for AI

 For questions related to paper submission, and the review process in general, email: editors@aclrollingreview.org 

 For questions about commitment and post review related topics:: emnlp2024-programchairs@googlegroups.com 

 Follow: 

 Twitter 

 GitHub 

 Feed 

 © 2025 emnlp. Powered by Jekyll & Minimal Mistakes .