Α Descent-based Method on the Duality Gap for Solving Zero-sum Games | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Α Descent-based Method on the Duality Gap for Solving Zero-sum Games

 Α Descent-based Method on the Duality Gap for Solving Zero-sum Games

 Michail Fasoulakis, Evangelos Markakis, Georgios Roussakis, Christodoulos Santorinaios

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 3839-3847.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/427 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 We focus on the design of algorithms for finding equilibria in 2-player zero-sum games. Although it is well known that such problems can be solved by a single linear program, there has been a surge of interest in recent years for simpler algorithms, motivated in part by applications in machine learning. Our work proposes such a method, inspired by the observation that the duality gap (a standard metric for evaluating convergence in min-max optimization problems) is a convex function for bilinear zero-sum games. To this end, we analyze a descent-based approach, variants of which have also been used as a subroutine in a series of algorithms for approximating Nash equilibria in general non-zero-sum games. 
In particular, we study a steepest descent approach, by finding the direction that minimises the directional derivative of the duality gap function.
Our main theoretical result is that the derived algorithms achieve a geometric decrease in the duality gap until we reach an approximate equilibrium. Finally, we complement this with an experimental evaluation, which provides promising findings. Our algorithm is comparable with (and in some cases outperforms) some of the standard approaches for solving 0-sum games, such as OGDA (Optimistic Gradient Descent/Ascent), even with thousands of available strategies per player.

 Keywords:
 Game Theory and Economic Paradigms: GTEP: Noncooperative games 
 Game Theory and Economic Paradigms: GTEP: Other 
 Machine Learning: ML: Game Theory

 Copyright © 2026,