PatternCIR Benchmark and TisCIR: Advancing Zero-Shot Composed Image Retrieval in Remote Sensing | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 PatternCIR Benchmark and TisCIR: Advancing Zero-Shot Composed Image Retrieval in Remote Sensing

 PatternCIR Benchmark and TisCIR: Advancing Zero-Shot Composed Image Retrieval in Remote Sensing

 Zhechun Liang, Tao Huang, Fangfang Wu, Shiwen Xue, Zhenyu Wang, Weisheng Dong, Xin Li, Guangming Shi

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 1530-1538.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/171 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Remote sensing composed image retrieval
(RSCIR) is a new vision-language task that takes
a composed query of an image and text, aiming to
search for a target remote sensing image satisfying
two conditions from intricate remote sensing
imagery. However, the existing attribute-based
benchmark Patterncom in RSCIR has significant
flaws, including the lack of query text sentences
and paired triplets, thus making it unable to evaluate the latest methods. To address this, we propose
the Zero-Shot Query Text Generator (ZS-QTG)
that can generate full query text sentences based on
attributes, and then, by capitalizing on ZS-QTG,
we develop the PatternCIR benchmark. PatternCIR rectifies Patterncom’s deficiencies and enables
the evaluation of existing methods. Additionally,
we explore zero-shot composed image retrieval
methods that do not rely on massive pre-collected
triplets for training. Existing methods use only
the text during retrieval, performing poorly in
RSCIR. To improve this, we propose Text-image
Sequential Training of Composed Image Retrieval
(TisCIR). TisCIR undergoes sequential training of
multiple self-masking projection and fine-grained
image attention modules, which endows it with
the capacity to filter out conflicting information
between the image and text, enhancing the retrieval
by utilizing both modalities in harmony. TisCIR
outperforms existing methods by 12.40% to
62.03% on PatternCIR, achieving state-of-the-art
performance in RSCIR. The data and code are
available here.

 Keywords:
 Computer Vision: CV: Image and video retrieval 
 Computer Vision: CV: Multimodal learning 
 Computer Vision: CV: Scene analysis and understanding 
 Computer Vision: CV: Vision, language and reasoning

 Copyright © 2026,