Call for Papers 

 CSP Test 
 -->

 Skip to yearly menu bar 
 Skip to main content 
 
 Main Navigation

 ICLR

 Help/FAQ

 Contact ICLR

 Create Profile

 Code of Conduct

 Journal To Conference Track

 Diversity & Inclusion

 Proceedings at OpenReview

 Future Meetings

 Press

 Exhibitor Information

 ICLR Blog

 ICLR Twitter

 About ICLR

 Downloads

 Privacy Policy

 Reset Password

 My Stuff

 Login 

 Select Year: (2025)

 2027

 2026

 2025

 2024

 2023

 2022

 2021

 2020

 2019

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Dates

 Calls

 Call for Papers

 Call for Workshops

 Call for Tiny Papers

 Call for Blog Posts

 Call for Socials

 Attend

 Register

 Visa and Travel Information

 Child Care

 Code of Conduct

 Financial Assistance and Volunteering

 Organization

 Organizing Committee

 Program Committee

 ICLR Board

 Ethics Committee

 Guides

 Poster Guide

 Author Guide

 Reviewer Guide

 Area Chair Guide

 Senior Area Chair Guide

 FAQ

 Exhibitors

 Conference Site

 ICLR 2025 Call for Papers

 We invite submissions to the 13th International Conference on Learning Representations, and welcome paper submissions from all areas of machine learning.

 For any information needed that is not listed below, please submit questions using this link: Contact ICLR Program Chairs .

 Questions can be directed to: program-chairs@iclr.cc 

 Key dates 

 The planned dates are as follows (all times are UTC-12h , aka “Anywhere on Earth”):

 Abstract submission: 11:59pm, Sept 27

 Submission date: 11:59pm, Oct 1

 Reviews released: Nov 12

 Author/Reviewer Discussion: Nov 12-26

 Author Last Day to Reply: Nov 27

 Final decisions: Jan 22 2025

 Subject Areas 

 We consider a broad range of subject areas including feature learning, metric learning, compositional modeling, structured prediction, reinforcement learning, uncertainty quantification and issues regarding large-scale learning and non-convex optimization, as well as applications in vision, audio, speech, language, music, robotics, games, healthcare, biology, sustainability, economics, ethical considerations in ML, and others.

 A non-exhaustive list of relevant topics:

 unsupervised, self-supervised, semi-supervised, and supervised representation learning

 transfer learning, meta learning, and lifelong learning

 reinforcement learning

 representation learning for computer vision, audio, language, and other modalities

 metric learning, kernel learning, and sparse coding

 probabilistic methods (Bayesian methods, variational inference, sampling, UQ, etc.)

 generative models

 causal reasoning

 optimization

 learning theory

 learning on graphs and other geometries & topologies

 societal considerations including fairness, safety, privacy

 visualization or interpretation of learned representations

 datasets and benchmarks

 infrastructure, software libraries, hardware, etc.

 neurosymbolic & hybrid AI systems (physics-informed, logic & formal reasoning, etc.)

 applications to robotics, autonomy, planning

 applications to neuroscience & cognitive science

 applications to physical sciences (physics, chemistry, biology, etc.)

 general machine learning (i.e., none of the above)

 Double blind reviewing 

 Submissions will be double blind: reviewers cannot see author names when conducting reviews, and authors cannot see reviewer names. Having papers on arxiv is allowed per the dual submission policy outlined below. 

 We use OpenReview to host papers and allow for public discussions that can be seen by all, comments that are posted by reviewers will remain anonymous. The program will include oral presentations and posters of accepted papers.

 Authors can revise their paper as many times as needed up to the paper submission deadline. Changes to the paper will not be allowed while the paper is being reviewed. During the discussion phase (between area chairs, reviewers and authors), edits will again be allowed; a pdfdiff will be done against the submission at the paper submission deadline. Authors are encouraged to be explicit and precise about changes to the paper in their response to reviews. Area chairs and reviewers reserve the right to ignore changes that are significant from the original scope of the paper.

 As in past years, workshops will have their own organization and call for contributions.

 Submission Instructions 

 Authors must submit paper abstracts by the abstract submission deadline of Sept 27, 2024. Please note that no changes on the authors and their orders can be made after the abstract submission deadline. Also, please make sure that all authors have an OpenReview profile with the latest information. Abstracts submitted by the abstract submission deadline must be genuine; placeholder or duplicate abstracts will be removed.

 The full paper submission deadline is Oct 1, 2024 11:59pm AOE. Abstracts and papers must be submitted using the conference submission system at: https://openreview.net/group?id=ICLR.cc/2025/Conference . The submission site will be open on September 13, 2024. Supplementary material is due at the same time as the main paper.

 Paper length 

 New this year, the main text must be between 6 and 10 pages (inclusive). This limit will be strictly enforced. Papers with main text on the 11th page will be desk rejected. The page limit applies to both the initial and final camera ready version.

 We encourage authors to be crisp in their writing by submitting papers with 9 pages of main text. We recommend that authors only use the longer page limit in order to include larger and more detailed figures. However, authors are free to use the pages as they wish, as long as they obey the page limits.

 The list of references does not count towards the page limit, and unlimited additional pages are allowed for the bibliography/references. 

 Authors may use as many pages of appendices (after the bibliography) as they wish, but reviewers are not required to read the appendix.

 Style files and Templates 

 To prepare your submission to ICLR 2025, please use the LaTeX style files provided at:

 https://github.com/ICLR/Master-Template/raw/master/iclr2025.zip 

 Authors are strongly encouraged to participate in the public discussion of their paper, as well as of any other paper submitted to the conference. Submissions and reviews are both anonymous. For detailed instructions about the format of the paper, please visit iclr.cc .

 Reviewing Process 

 Submissions to ICLR are uploaded on OpenReview, which enables public discussion. Official reviews are anonymous and publicly visible. During the public discussion phase, anybody who is logged in can post comments that are publicly visible, or restrict visibility to reviewers and up, ACs and up, or just PCs. In addition, the author of a comment can decide to post anonymously or not. Login is required before posting any comment.

 Once reviews have been posted, authors are encouraged to revise their paper until the paper submission deadline. Authors can participate in the discussion about their paper, as well as about any other paper submitted to the conference, at any time.

 Full reviews are posted by Nov 12. Reviews are anonymous and publicly visible in OpenReview. Once the reviews are posted, authors are free to upload modifications to the paper during the discussion period.

 During the discussion period, if you choose to update the submission, a pdfdiff will be applied to compare new changes to the paper against the original submission. Area chairs and reviewers reserve the right to ignore changes that are significantly different from the original paper. In addition, during this period, any submission that is cited will be given an anonymous BibTex entry.

 After discussion there will be an internal discussion period amongst reviewers and ACs with the aim of summarizing the review process, after which acceptance decisions are made. Papers that are not accepted will be considered non-archival, and may be submitted elsewhere (modified or not), although the OpenReview site will maintain the reviews, the comments, and links to the versions submitted to ICLR.

 All submitted papers (accepted or rejected) will be deanonymized after the notification. The submissions and reviews will be released to the public. 

 Reciprocal Reviewing Requirement 

 New this year, there is a requirement for authors to serve as reviewers based on the number of papers they submit.

 All authors who are on 3 or more papers must serve as a reviewer for at least 6 papers. Authors in this category that fail to finish reviews by rebuttal stage may have their paper submissions desk rejected. Authors are exempt from the reviewing requirement if they are serving as an AC, SAC, or another organizing chair for ICLR 2025.

 In addition, all submissions must have at least one author who is registered to review at least 3 papers. The registered reviewer should be qualified to review, and they are qualified if they have at least one accepted publication at a previous ICLR/NeurIPS/ICML conference or equivalent journal. If none of the authors are qualified under this definition, then they are exempt from this requirement. We encourage submissions from researchers new to ICLR. 

 All authors will be notified to register as reviewers after the abstract deadline. If none of the authors are registered as a reviewer, it will result in desk rejection for the paper. The program chairs may grant exceptions on a case-by-case basis.

 Code of Conduct 

 All ICLR participants, including authors, are required to adhere to the ICLR code of conduct ( https://iclr.cc/public/CodeOfConduct ). More detailed guidance for authors, reviewers, and all other participants will be made available in due course, and participation will require acknowledging and adhering to the provided guidelines.

 Code of Ethics 

 All ICLR participants, including authors, are required to adhere to the ICLR Code of Ethics ( https://iclr.cc/public/CodeOfEthics ). All authors of submitted papers are required to read the Code of Ethics, adhere to it, and explicitly acknowledge this during the submission process. The Code of Ethics applies to all conference participation, including paper submission, reviewing, and paper discussion.

 Dual Submission Policy 

 Submissions that are identical (or substantially similar) to versions that have been previously published, or accepted for publication, or that have been submitted in parallel to this or other conferences or journals, are not allowed and violate our dual submission policy. However, papers that cite previous related work by the authors and papers that have appeared on non-peer reviewed websites (like arXiv) or that have been presented at workshops (i.e., venues that do not have publication proceedings) do not violate the policy. The policy is enforced during the whole reviewing process period. Submission of the paper to archival repositories such as arXiv is allowed during the review period.

 To allow citation of papers that are under review at ICLR2025, OpenReview provides BibTeX entries that do not list the authors, but does give the title, year and url. Author names are revealed at the end of the conference.

 The Use of Large Language Models (LLMs) 

 The use of LLMs is allowed as a general-purpose assist tool. Authors and reviewers should understand that they take full responsibility for the contents written under their name, including content generated by LLMs that could be construed as plagiarism or scientific misconduct (e.g., fabrication of facts). LLMs are not eligible for authorship.

 Withdrawal Policy 

 Authors have the right to withdraw papers from consideration at any time until paper notification. Before the paper submission deadline, if an author withdraws the paper it will be deleted from the OpenReview hosting site. However, note that after the paper submission deadline, if an author chooses to withdraw a submission, it will remain hosted by OpenReview in a publicly visible "withdrawn papers" section. Like on arXiv, submissions to ICLR cannot be deleted or modified. Withdrawn papers will be de-anonymized immediately.

 Successful Page Load

 ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal
 information.
 Our Privacy Policy » 

 Accept 

 The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose
 download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.

 Useful links

 About ICLR 

 Sponsor / Exhibitor Information 

 Press 

 Contact

 2710 E Corridor Dr, Appleton WI 54913

 Email 

 Phone: +1-920-268-4789

 ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview