An Information-Flow Perspective on Algorithmic Fairness
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 14: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 14
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning V

 An Information-Flow Perspective on Algorithmic Fairness

 Authors

 Samuel Teuber

 Karlsruhe Institute of Technology

 Bernhard Beckert

 Karlsruhe Institute of Technology

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i14.29458

 Keywords:

 ML: Ethics, Bias, and Fairness, ML: Information Theory, PEAI: Bias, Fairness & Equity, RU: Causality, RU: Graphical Models 

 Abstract

 This work presents insights gained by investigating the relationship between algorithmic fairness and the concept of secure information flow. The problem of enforcing secure information flow is well-studied in the context of information security: If secret information may "flow" through an algorithm or program in such a way that it can influence the program’s output, then that is considered insecure information flow as attackers could potentially observe (parts of) the secret.

There is a strong correspondence between secure information flow and algorithmic fairness: if protected attributes such as race, gender, or age are treated as secret program inputs, then secure information flow means that these "secret" attributes cannot influence the result of a program. While most research in algorithmic fairness evaluation concentrates on studying the impact of algorithms (often treating the algorithm as a black-box), the concepts derived from information flow can be used both for the analysis of disparate treatment as well as disparate impact w.r.t. a structural causal model.

In this paper, we examine the relationship between quantitative as well as qualitative information-flow properties and fairness. Moreover, based on this duality, we derive a new quantitative notion of fairness called fairness spread, which can be easily analyzed using quantitative information flow and which strongly relates to counterfactual fairness. We demonstrate that off-the-shelf tools for information-flow properties can be used in order to formally analyze a program's algorithmic fairness properties, including the new notion of fairness spread as well as established notions such as demographic parity.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Teuber, S., & Beckert, B. (2024). An Information-Flow Perspective on Algorithmic Fairness. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (14), 15337–15345. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i14.29458

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 14: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 14

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning V

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence