DeepAccident: A Motion and Accident Prediction Benchmark for V2X Autonomous Driving
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 6: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 6
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision V

 DeepAccident: A Motion and Accident Prediction Benchmark for V2X Autonomous Driving

 Authors

 Tianqi Wang

 The University of Hong Kong

 Sukmin Kim

 The University of Hong Kong

 Ji Wenxuan

 The University of Hong Kong

 Enze Xie

 Huawei Noah's Ark Lab

 Chongjian Ge

 The University of Hong Kong

 Junsong Chen

 Dalian University of Technology

 Zhenguo Li

 Huawei Noah's Ark Lab

 Ping Luo

 The University of Hong Kong

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i6.28370

 Keywords:

 CV: Vision for Robotics & Autonomous Driving, CV: 3D Computer Vision, CV: Adversarial Attacks & Robustness, CV: Motion & Tracking, ROB: Multimodal Perception & Sensor Fusion, ROB: Multi-Robot Systems 

 Abstract

 Safety is the primary priority of autonomous driving. Nevertheless, no published dataset currently supports the direct and explainable safety evaluation for autonomous driving. In this work, we propose DeepAccident, a large-scale dataset generated via a realistic simulator containing diverse accident scenarios that frequently occur in real-world driving. The proposed DeepAccident dataset includes 57K annotated frames and 285K annotated samples, approximately 7 times more than the large-scale nuScenes dataset with 40k annotated samples. In addition, we propose a new task, end-to-end motion and accident prediction, which can be used to directly evaluate the accident prediction ability for different autonomous driving algorithms. Furthermore, for each scenario, we set four vehicles along with one infrastructure to record data, thus providing diverse viewpoints for accident scenarios and enabling V2X (vehicle-to-everything) research on perception and prediction tasks. Finally, we present a baseline V2X model named V2XFormer that demonstrates superior performance for motion and accident prediction and 3D object detection compared to the single-vehicle model.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Wang, T., Kim, S., Wenxuan, J., Xie, E., Ge, C., Chen, J., … Luo, P. (2024). DeepAccident: A Motion and Accident Prediction Benchmark for V2X Autonomous Driving. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (6), 5599–5606. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i6.28370

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 6: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 6

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision V

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence