ICLR Poster When does compositional structure yield compositional generalization? A kernel theory. 

 ICLR 2025 

 CSP Test 
 -->

 Skip to yearly menu bar 
 Skip to main content 
 
 Main Navigation

 ICLR

 Help/FAQ

 Contact ICLR

 Create Profile

 Code of Conduct

 Journal To Conference Track

 Diversity & Inclusion

 Proceedings at OpenReview

 Future Meetings

 Press

 Exhibitor Information

 ICLR Blog

 ICLR Twitter

 About ICLR

 Downloads

 Privacy Policy

 Reset Password

 My Stuff

 Login 

 Select Year: (2025)

 2027

 2026

 2025

 2024

 2023

 2022

 2021

 2020

 2019

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Getting Started

 Schedule

 Main Conference

 Invited Talks

 Awards

 Papers

 In-person Orals

 Blog Track Posters

 Workshops

 Community

 Socials

 Town Hall

 Sponsors

 Organizers

 Help

 Helpdesk

 RocketChat Client

 Website FAQ

 Poster 

 When does compositional structure yield compositional generalization? A kernel theory.

 Samuel Lippl ⋅ Kimberly Stachenfeld

 2025 Poster

 [ 
 OpenReview ] 

 Abstract

 Compositional generalization (the ability to respond correctly to novel combinations of familiar components) is thought to be a cornerstone of intelligent behavior. Compositionally structured (e.g. disentangled) representations support this ability; however, the conditions under which they are sufficient for the emergence of compositional generalization remain unclear. To address this gap, we present a theory of compositional generalization in kernel models with fixed, compositionally structured representations. This provides a tractable framework for characterizing the impact of training data statistics on generalization. We find that these models are limited to functions that assign values to each combination of components seen during training, and then sum up these values ("conjunction-wise additivity"). This imposes fundamental restrictions on the set of tasks compositionally structured kernel models can learn, in particular preventing them from transitively generalizing equivalence relations. Even for compositional tasks that they can learn in principle, we identify novel failure modes in compositional generalization (memorization leak and shortcut bias) that arise from biases in the training data. Finally, we empirically validate our theory, showing that it captures the behavior of deep neural networks (convolutional networks, residual networks, and Vision Transformers) trained on a set of compositional tasks with similarly structured data. Ultimately, this work examines how statistical structure in the training data can affect compositional generalization, with implications for how to identify and remedy failure modes in deep learning models.

 Show more 

 Video

 Chat is not available. 

 Successful Page Load

 ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal
 information.
 Our Privacy Policy » 

 Accept 

 The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose
 download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.

 Useful links

 About ICLR 

 Sponsor / Exhibitor Information 

 Press 

 Contact

 2710 E Corridor Dr, Appleton WI 54913

 Email 

 Phone: +1-920-268-4789

 ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview