Enhancing Evolving Domain Generalization through Dynamic Latent Representations
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 14: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 14
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning V

 Enhancing Evolving Domain Generalization through Dynamic Latent Representations

 Authors

 Binghui Xie

 The Chinese University of Hong Kong

 Yongqiang Chen

 The Chinese University of Hong Kong

 Jiaqi Wang

 The Chinese University of Hong Kong

 Kaiwen Zhou

 The Chinese University of Hong Kong

 Bo Han

 Hong Kong Baptist University

 Wei Meng

 The Chinese University of Hong Kong

 James Cheng

 The Chinese University of Hong Kong

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i14.29536

 Keywords:

 ML: Transfer, Domain Adaptation, Multi-Task Learning, CV: Representation Learning for Vision, DMKM: Mining of Spatial, Temporal or Spatio-Temporal Data, KRR: Applications, ML: Classification and Regression, ML: Evolutionary Learning, ML: Representation Learning 

 Abstract

 Domain generalization is a critical challenge for machine learning systems. Prior domain generalization methods focus on extracting domain-invariant features across several stationary domains to enable generalization to new domains. However, in non-stationary tasks where new domains evolve in an underlying continuous structure, such as time, merely extracting the invariant features is insufficient for generalization to the evolving new domains. Nevertheless, it is non-trivial to learn both evolving and invariant features within a single model due to their conflicts. To bridge this gap, we build causal models to characterize the distribution shifts concerning the two patterns, and propose to learn both dynamic and invariant features via a new framework called Mutual Information-Based Sequential Autoencoders (MISTS). MISTS adopts information theoretic constraints onto sequential autoencoders to disentangle the dynamic and invariant features, and leverage an adaptive classifier to make predictions based on both evolving and invariant information. Our experimental results on both synthetic and real-world datasets demonstrate that MISTS succeeds in capturing both evolving and invariant information, and present promising results in evolving domain generalization tasks.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Xie, B., Chen, Y., Wang, J., Zhou, K., Han, B., Meng, W., & Cheng, J. (2024). Enhancing Evolving Domain Generalization through Dynamic Latent Representations. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (14), 16040–16048. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i14.29536

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 14: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 14

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning V

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence