GLinSAT: The General Linear Satisfiability Neural Network Layer By Accelerated Gradient Descent 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 GLinSAT: The General Linear Satisfiability Neural Network Layer By Accelerated Gradient Descent

 Hongtai Zeng, Chao Yang, Yanzhen Zhou, Cheng Yang, Qinglai Guo

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 Ensuring that the outputs of neural networks satisfy specific constraints is crucial for applying neural networks to real-life decision-making problems. In this paper, we consider making a batch of neural network outputs satisfy bounded and general linear constraints. We first reformulate the neural network output projection problem as an entropy-regularized linear programming problem. We show that such a problem can be equivalently transformed into an unconstrained convex optimization problem with Lipschitz continuous gradient according to the duality theorem. Then, based on an accelerated gradient descent algorithm with numerical performance enhancement, we present our architecture, GLinSAT, to solve the problem. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first general linear satisfiability layer in which all the operations are differentiable and matrix-factorization-free. Despite the fact that we can explicitly perform backpropagation based on automatic differentiation mechanism, we also provide an alternative approach in GLinSAT to calculate the derivatives based on implicit differentiation of the optimality condition. Experimental results on constrained traveling salesman problems, partial graph matching with outliers, predictive portfolio allocation and power system unit commitment demonstrate the advantages of GLinSAT over existing satisfiability layers. Our implementation is available at https://github.com/HunterTracer/GLinSAT.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-3896 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly