Submission Guidelines - AUTHOR GUIDELINES - Submission - International Conference on Computer Vision - October 2-6, 2023 - Paris - France - ICCV2023 

 Politique d'accessibilité 
 Aller au contenu 
 Aller au menu 

 Afficher / Cacher le menu 
 
 Submission TIMELINE Submission Timeline 
 
 CALL FOR PAPERS Call for Papers 
 
 AUTHOR GUIDELINES Policies 
 Submission Guidelines 
 Rebuttal Instructions 
 Author FAQs 
 
 ICCV23 LIVE PLATFORM ICCV23 Live Platform 
 
 SUGGESTED PRACTICES FOR AUTHORS Suggested Practices for Authors 
 
 REVIEWER GUIDELINES Reviewing Timeline 
 Reviewer Guidelines 
 Ethics for Reviewing Papers 
 Additional Tips for Writing Good Reviews 
 CMT Instructions 
 
 ETHICS GUIDELINES Ethics Guidelines 
 
 WORKSHOPS PROPOSALS Workshops: Call for Proposals 
 
 TUTORIALS PROPOSALS Tutorials: Call for Proposals 
 
 DEMOS Demos: Call for Proposals 
 
 DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM Call for Participation 
 
 HUGGING FACE PAPER PAGES Hugging Face Paper pages 

 Attendance VENUE Paris Convention Center 
 
 HOW TO REACH Getting to the event by plane / car / public transport / taxi 
 
 ACCESS TO THE LIVE PLATFORM Access to the Live Platform 
 
 REGISTRATION ACCOMMODATION Hotels booking service 
 
 CATERING Restaurants on-site 
 Lunch boxes order 
 DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
 
 CALL FOR STUDENT VOLUNTEER Call for Student Volunteer 
 
 LOCAL PRINTING SERVICE 
 
 Program CONFERENCE Online on August 29 
 
 WORKSHOPS Workshops 
 
 TUTORIALS Tutorials 
 
 DEMOS Demonstrations 
 
 KEYNOTE SPEAKERS Keynote Speakers 
 
 OPENING SESSION Opening Session 

 Sponsors & Expo EXHIBITORS & SPONSORS INFORMATION Meet with the leaders in Computer Vision and Machine Learning 
 
 ICCV 2023 SPONSORS 
 EXHIBITOR LIST & FLOOR PLAN Exhibitor List & Floor Plan 
 
 FAQ FAQs 

 ORGANIZERS ICCV 2023 People 
 Area Chairs 
 Outstanding Reviewers 

 Submission Guidelines

 TIMELINE Submission Timeline 
 
 CALL FOR PAPERS Call for Papers 
 
 AUTHOR GUIDELINES Policies 
 Submission Guidelines 
 Rebuttal Instructions 
 Author FAQs 
 
 ICCV23 LIVE PLATFORM ICCV23 Live Platform 
 
 SUGGESTED PRACTICES FOR AUTHORS Suggested Practices for Authors 
 
 REVIEWER GUIDELINES Reviewing Timeline 
 Reviewer Guidelines 
 Ethics for Reviewing Papers 
 Additional Tips for Writing Good Reviews 
 CMT Instructions 
 
 ETHICS GUIDELINES Ethics Guidelines 
 
 WORKSHOPS PROPOSALS Workshops: Call for Proposals 
 
 TUTORIALS PROPOSALS Tutorials: Call for Proposals 
 
 DEMOS Demos: Call for Proposals 
 
 DOCTORAL CONSORTIUM Call for Participation 
 
 HUGGING FACE PAPER PAGES Hugging Face Paper pages 

 All submissions will be handled electronically via the conference's CMT Website. By submitting a paper, the authors agree to the policies stipulated in this website. The paper submission deadline is March 8, 2023. Supplementary material can be submitted until March 15, 2023.

 Papers are limited to eight pages, including figures and tables, in the ICCV style. Additional pages containing only cited references are allowed. Appendices may not be a part of the additional pages. Appendices are counted towards the eight-page limit or should be moved to the supplementary document. Please refer to the following files for detailed formatting instructions:

 Example submission paper with detailed instructions PDF 

 LaTeX Templates (zip): iccv2023AuthorKit.zip 

 Papers that are not properly anonymized, or do not use the template, or have more than eight pages (excluding references) will be considered for rejection without review.

 1) Paper submission and review site:

 ICCV23 paper submission is now open .

 Note that --every-- author must have a CMT account and should enter User Information and Conflict Domains on ICCV23 Microsoft CMT before creating a new submission or being added as a co-author. Paper submissions will close on March 8, 2023 (23:59 GMT).

 Please make sure that your browser has cookies and Javascript enabled.

 Please add "email@msr-cmt.org" to your list of safe senders (whitelist) to prevent important email announcements from being blocked by spam filters.

 It is the primary author's responsibility to ensure that all authors on their paper have registered their institutional conflicts into CMT. Each author should list domains of all institutions they have worked for, or have had very close collaboration with, within the last 3 years (example: mit.edu ; ox.ac.uk ; microsoft.com ). DO NOT enter the domain of email providers such as gmail.com . This institutional conflict information will be used in conjunction with prior authorship conflict information to resolve assignments to both reviewers and area chairs. If a paper is found to have an undeclared or incorrect institutional conflict, the paper may be summarily rejected.

 2) Creating a paper submission: 

 (a) Click the “+ Create new submission” button in the upper-left to create a new submission. There, you will be prompted to enter the title, abstract, authors, and subject areas. You should finalize the author list by the paper submission deadline.

 (b) Check with your co-authors to make sure that: (1) you add them with their correct CMT email; and (2) they have entered their domain conflicts into CMT for ICCV 2023. If you add an author with an email that is not in CMT and the name and organization is not automatically filled, that means they are not yet in the system, and you should make sure to check that they do not already have an account under a different email before completing the requested information to add them.

 (c) Enter subject (topic) areas for your paper. You must include at least one primary area. This information is used to help assign ACs and reviewers.

 3) Paper Number:

 Once you have registered your paper (i.e. title/authors), you will be assigned a paper number. Insert this into the latex before generating the pdf of your paper for submission. Papers submitted without a number may not be reviewed.

 4) Authorship Changes:

 After the paper submission deadline, the list of authors will be considered final. After that date, new authors CANNOT be added; authors may also NOT be removed.

 5) Submission Requirements:

 The maximum size of the abstract is 4000 characters.

 The paper must be PDF only (maximum 50MB). Make sure your paper meets the formatting and anonymity requirements described above.

 The supplementary material can be either PDF or ZIP only (maximum 100MB).

 6) Supplementary Material Submission:

 By the supplementary material deadline, the authors may optionally submit additional material that was ready at the time of paper submission but could not be included due to constraints of format or space. The authors should refer to the contents of the supplementary material appropriately in the paper. Reviewers will be encouraged to look at it, but are not obligated to do so.

 Supplementary material may include videos, proofs, additional figures or tables, more detailed analysis of experiments presented in the paper, or a concurrent submission to ICCV or another conference. It may not include results on additional datasets, results obtained with an improved version of the method (e.g., following additional parameter tuning or training), or an updated or corrected version of the submission PDF. Papers with supplementary materials violating the guidelines may be summarily rejected.

 7) Code Submission and Reproducibility:

 To improve reproducibility in AI research, we highly encourage authors to voluntarily submit their code as part of supplementary material. Authors should also use the Reproducibility Checklist as a guide for writing reproducible papers. Reviewers are encouraged to check the submitted code to ensure that the paper’s results are trustworthy and reproducible. The code must be anonymized, e.g., author names, institutions and licenses should be removed. We do not expect authors to submit private/sensitive data, only sufficient data to demonstrate the method. All code/data will be reviewed confidentially and kept private. A code submission may not be via an external link (e.g., an anonymous GitHub link), because the code can be modified after the deadline.

 8) The use of external links:

 One may not include external links to additional submission materials in any part of a submission (paper, supplementary material, and code), because the materials can be modified after the deadline. For example, code may not be submitted with a GitHub link. One can use external links to refer to external contents that are not part of your submission, for example, referring to existing software used in a submission by a GitHub link.

 Detailed supplementary material guidelines:

 (a) All supplementary material must be self-contained. The file must be a single zip file or a single PDF file. When including a video file inside the zip, please make sure that a video is encoded with a popular codec or include an instruction to prepare a compatible codec/viewer. CMT imposes a 100MB limit on the size of this file. Note that you can update the file by uploading a new one (the old one will be deleted and replaced).

 (b) The paper for review (PDF only) must be submitted first before the supplementary material (PDF or ZIP only) can be submitted.

 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Youtube 
 Instagram 
 Twitter 
 Weibo 
 Legal 
 Your data 
 Photos galleries