Computing the Why-Provenance for Datalog Queries via SAT Solvers
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 9: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 9
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Knowledge Representation and Reasoning

 Computing the Why-Provenance for Datalog Queries via SAT Solvers

 Authors

 Marco Calautti

 University of Milan

 Ester Livshits

 University of Edinburgh

 Andreas Pieris

 University of Edinburgh
University of Cyprus

 Markus Schneider

 University of Edinburgh

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i9.28914

 Keywords:

 KRR: Computational Complexity of Reasoning, KRR: Knowledge Representation Languages, KRR: Ontologies, KRR: Other Foundations of Knowledge Representation & Reasoning 

 Abstract

 Explaining an answer to a Datalog query is an essential task towards Explainable AI, especially nowadays where Datalog plays a critical role in the development of ontology-based applications. A well-established approach for explaining a query answer is the so-called why-provenance, which essentially collects all the subsets of the input database that can be used to obtain that answer via some derivation process, typically represented as a proof tree. It is well known, however, that computing the why-provenance for Datalog queries is computationally expensive, and thus, very few attempts can be found in the literature. The goal of this work is to demonstrate how off-the-shelf SAT solvers can be exploited towards an efficient computation of the why-provenance for Datalog queries. Interestingly, our SAT-based approach allows us to build the why-provenance in an incremental fashion, that is, one explanation at a time, which is much more useful in a practical context than the one-shot computation of the whole set of explanations as done by existing approaches.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Calautti, M., Livshits, E., Pieris, A., & Schneider, M. (2024). Computing the Why-Provenance for Datalog Queries via SAT Solvers. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (9), 10459–10466. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i9.28914

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 9: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 9

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Knowledge Representation and Reasoning

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence