OMS: One More Step Noise Searching to Enhance Membership Inference Attacks for Diffusion Models | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 OMS: One More Step Noise Searching to Enhance Membership Inference Attacks for Diffusion Models

 OMS: One More Step Noise Searching to Enhance Membership Inference Attacks for Diffusion Models

 Xiaomeng Fu, Xi Wang, Qiao Li, Jin Liu, Jiao Dai, Jizhong Han, Xingyu Gao

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 376-384.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/43 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 The data-intensive nature of Diffusion models amplifies the risks of privacy infringements and copyright disputes, particularly when training on extensive unauthorized data scraped from the Internet. Membership Inference Attacks (MIA) aim to determine whether a data sample has been utilized by the target model during training, thereby serving as a pivotal tool for privacy preservation. Current MIA employs the prediction loss to distinguish between training member samples and non-members. 
These methods assume that, compared to non-members, members, having been encountered by the model during training result in a smaller prediction loss. However, this assumption proves ineffective in diffusion models due to the random noise sampled during the training process. Rather than estimating the loss, our approach examines this random noise and reformulate the MIA as a noise search problem, assuming that members are more feasible to find the noise used in the training process.
We formulate this noise search process as an optimization problem and employ the fixed-point iteration to solve it. We analyze current MIA methods through the lens of the noise search framework and reveal that they rely on the first residual as the discriminative metric to differentiate members and non-members. Inspired by this observation, we introduce OMS, which augments existing MIA methods by iterating One More fixed-point Step to include a further residual, i.e., the second residual. 
We integrate our method into various MIA methods across different diffusion models. The experimental results validate the efficacy of our proposed approach.

 Keywords:
 AI Ethics, Trust, Fairness: ETF: Other 
 Multidisciplinary Topics and Applications: MTA: Security and privacy

 Copyright © 2026,