First-Order Progression beyond Local-Effect and Normal Actions | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 First-Order Progression beyond Local-Effect and Normal Actions

 First-Order Progression beyond Local-Effect and Normal Actions

 Daxin Liu, Jens Claßen

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 3475-3483.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/385 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 One of the fundamental problems in reasoning about action is progression, which is to update a knowledge base according to the effects of an action into another knowledge base that retains all proper information. The problem is notoriously challenging, as in general, it requires second-order logic. Efforts have been made to find fragments where progression is first-order definable. Liu and Lakemeyer showed that for actions that have only local effects, progression is always first-order definable. They also generalized the result to so-called normal actions, that allow for non-local effects, as long as the affected fluent predicates only depend on local-effect ones, under certain restrictions on the knowledge base. In addition, they showed that for so-called proper+ knowledge bases, progression for normal actions can be efficient under reasonable assumptions. In this paper, we consider a larger class of theories, called the acyclic ones, that strictly subsumes normal actions. In such theories, dependencies between non-local effect fluent predicates are allowed, as long as they do not contain any cycles. We prove progression to be equally first-order definable for this class. Furthermore, under similar but stronger assumptions than those made by Liu and Lakemeyer, we show that progression is efficient as well.

 Keywords:
 Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: KRR: Reasoning about actions

 Copyright © 2026,