SPGNet: A Shape-prior Guided Network for Medical Image Segmentation | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 SPGNet: A Shape-prior Guided Network for Medical Image Segmentation

 SPGNet: A Shape-prior Guided Network for Medical Image Segmentation

 Zhengxuan Song, Xun Liu, Wenhao Zhang, Yongyi Gong, Tianyong Hao, Kun Zeng

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Third International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 1263-1271.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2024/140 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Given the intricacy and variability of anatomical structures in medical images, some methods employ shape priors to constrain segmentation. However, limited by the representational capability of these priors, existing approaches often struggle to capture diverse target structure morphologies. To address this, we propose SPGNet to guide segmentation by fully exploiting category-specific shape knowledge. The key idea is to enable the network to perceive data shape distributions by learning from statistical shape models. We uncover shape relationships via clustering and obtain statistical prior knowledge using principal component analysis. Our dual-path network comprises a segmentation path and a shape-prior path that collaboratively discern and harness shape prior distribution to improve segmentation robustness. The shape-prior path further serves to refine shapes iteratively by cropping features from the segmentation path, guiding the segmentation path and directing attention specifically to the edges of shapes which could be most significantly susceptible to segmentation error. We demonstrate superior performance on chest X-ray and breast ultrasound benchmarks.

 Keywords:
 Computer Vision: CV: Biomedical image analysis 
 Computer Vision: CV: Segmentation

 Copyright © 2026,