Submission Instructions - AAAI 

 Skip to main content 
 AAAI
 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

 Menu 

 AAAI

 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence

 Menu 

 About AAAI News 
 Officers and Committees 
 Staff 
 Bylaws 
 Awards Fellows Program 
 Classic Paper Award 
 Dissertation Award 
 Distinguished Service Award 
 Allen Newell Award 
 Outstanding Paper Award 
 AI for Humanity Award 
 Feigenbaum Prize 
 Patrick Henry Winston Outstanding Educator Award 
 Engelmore Award 
 AAAI ISEF Awards 
 Senior Member Status 
 Conference Awards 
 
 Partnerships 
 Resources 
 Mailing Lists 
 Past Presidential Addresses 
 AAAI 2025 Presidential Panel on the Future of AI Research 
 Presidential Panel on Long-Term AI Futures 
 Past Policy Reports The Role of Intelligent Systems in the National Information Infrastructure (1995) 
 A Report to ARPA on Twenty-First Century Intelligent Systems (1994) 
 
 Logos 
 
 Ethics & Plurality 
 Conferences & Symposia AAAI Conference 
 AIES AAAI/ACM 
 AIIDE 
 EAAI 
 HCOMP 
 IAAI 
 ICWSM 
 Spring Symposia 
 Summer Symposia 
 Fall Symposia 
 Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 
 
 Publications AI Magazine 
 Conference Proceedings 
 AAAI Publication Policies & Guidelines 
 Request to Reproduce Copyrighted Materials 
 Contribute 
 Order Proceedings 
 
 AI Magazine 
 Membership Member Login 
 Chapters 
 AAAI-x 2026 Events 
 Call for Proposals: AAAI-Sponsored “AIx” Pop-Up Events Worldwide 
 AAAI Educational AI Videos Award 

 AI Jobs 
 AITopics 
 Contact 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 

 The 38th Annual AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 February 20-27, 2024 | Vancouver, Canada

 AAAI-24 

 Attend 
 
 AAAI-24 Photos 

 Accommodations & Travel 

 Job Fair 

 Lunch with a Fellow 

 Onsite Childcare 

 Registration and Visa Information 

 Student Scholarship and Volunteer Program 

 Program 
 
 AAAI-24 Paper Awards 

 AAAI-24 Program Overview and Schedule 

 AAAI-24 Invited Talks 

 AAAI-24 Panels 

 AAAI-24 Technical Program 

 Bridge Program 

 Demonstration Program 

 Diversity & Inclusion Activities 

 Doctoral Consortium Program 

 EAAI-24 Program 

 IAAI-24 Program 

 Journal Track 

 New Faculty Highlights Program 

 Student Abstracts and Poster Program 

 Senior Member Presentation Program 

 Tutorial and Lab Forum 

 Undergraduate Consortium Program 

 Workshop Program 

 Sponsors 
 
 AAAI-24 Sponsors 

 Become a Sponsor 

 Policies & Guidelines 
 
 AAAI Code of Conduct for Conferences and Events 

 Ethical Guidelines for AAAI-24 Reviewers 

 Policies for AAAI-24 Authors 

 Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement 

 Organization 
 
 Conference Organizers 

 Program Committee 

 Senior Program Committee 

 Area Chairs 

 Calls 
 
 Main Technical Track 

 Special Track on AI for Social Impact 

 Special Track on Safe, Robust and Responsible AI 

 Bridge Program 

 Demonstration Program 

 Diversity and Inclusion Activities 

 Doctoral Consortium: Call for Proposals 

 EAAI-24 Call for Participation 

 IAAI-24 Call for Participation 

 New Faculty Highlights 

 Senior Member Presentation Track 

 Student Abstract and Poster Program 

 Tutorial and Lab Forum 

 Undergraduate Consortium 

 Workshops 

 Main Conference Timetable for Authors

 Note: all deadlines are “anywhere on earth” (UTC-12) 

 July 4, 2023 
AAAI-24 web site open for author registration

 July 11, 2023 
AAAI-24 web site open for paper submission

 August 8, 2023 
Abstracts due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

 August 15, 2023 
Full papers due at 11:59 PM UTC-12

 August 18, 2023 
Supplementary material and code due by 11:59 PM UTC-12

 September 25, 2023 
Registration, abstracts and full papers for NeurIPS fast track submissions due by 11:59 PM UTC-12

 September 27, 2023 
Notification of Phase 1 rejections

 September 28, 2023 
Supplementary material and code for NeurIPS fast track submissions due by 11:59 PM UTC-12

 November 2-5, 2023 
Author feedback window

 December 9, 2023 
Notification of final acceptance or rejection

 December 19, 2023 
Submission of paper preprints for inclusion in electronic conference materials 

 February 20 – February 27, 2024 
AAAI-24 conference

 AAAI-24 Submission Instructions

 AAAI-24 Main Track, AI for Social Impact Track, and Safe and Robust AI Track Submission Site 

 Author Registration

 Authors must register at the AAAI-24 web-based technical track paper submission site before they can submit abstracts and papers. To avoid last-minute congestion, authors are encouraged to register well in advance of the abstract deadline. Authors are required to use the same CMT account (i.e., associated with the same email address) across all submissions and review assignments.

 IMPORTANT: Authors must enter the names of ALL AUTHORS at the time of registration (by abstract deadline) — CMT includes a hard-coded note that this is optional, however, this is a mandatory step for AAAI-24 authors. According to AAAI policy, all author names must be added at the time of abstract registration, and the list of names as well as the order in which they appear cannot be changed after August 15. In addition, the contact author and contact information cannot be changed after the abstract submission deadline. For the complete policy on Guidelines for Changes to Titles/Authors after Submissions, please see below.

 Given the size of the conference, all authors of AAAI-24 submissions will be expected to join the conference’s reviewer pool unless prevented by extenuating circumstances. Potential reviewers will be vetted based on their research experience, and depending on this experience may be selected as program committee or senior program committee members.

 Abstract and Paper Submission

 Every submission requires both an abstract submission and a corresponding paper submission. For regular papers, abstracts must be submitted by August 8, 2023 and full papers must be submitted by August 15, 2023. For fast track papers, both abstracts and full papers must be submitted by September 25, 2023. There will be no individual exceptions. If you experience any technical problems with the CMT site, please contact the AAAI-24 Workflow Chairs at workflowchairs24@aaai.zendesk.com .

 Submissions will not be accepted by e-mail or any other mechanism other than CMT . After submission, the system will not automatically send a confirmation of receipt. If you want to receive a confirmation email, please click the paper ID to view the submission, and then click the “Email” button at the top right to send the confirmation to yourself or all the authors. AAAI will contact authors again only if problems are encountered with papers. We intend to close the submission system exactly at the deadline. Once the deadline has passed, we regret that we will be unable to make individual exceptions or to correspond with authors regarding circumstances that prevented timely submission.

 At the time of abstract submission, authors should include a full title for their paper and a complete abstract in the fields provided. Submissions that have “placeholder” (e.g., test or xyz) titles or abstracts (or none at all) will be deleted. Authors of such vacuous submissions will be notified that their abstract has been deleted and will not be allowed to submit a full paper. The Program Chairs also reserve the right to reject papers without review if they change their abstracts substantially between the abstract and final deadlines.

 Papers must be formatted in AAAI two-column, camera-ready style; see the AAAI-24 author kit for details. Papers must be in trouble-free, high-resolution PDF format, formatted for US Letter (8.5″ x 11″) paper, using Type 1 or TrueType fonts. AAAI submissions are anonymous and must conform to the instructions (detailed below) for double-blind review. The authors must remove all author and affiliation information from their submission for review, and may replace it with other information, such as paper number and keywords. Submissions may consist of up to 7 pages of technical content plus additional pages solely for references; acknowledgements should be omitted from papers submitted for review.
Only PDF files are required at the time of submission for review; authors will additionally need to submit paper source files if their paper is accepted for publication.

 Submission Limit per Author

 Each individual author is limited to no more than a combined limit of 10 submissions to the AAAI-24 technical track (including papers in the AI for Social Impact and Safe and Robust AI tracks) and authors may not be added to papers following submission (see below for policies about author changes).

 Guidelines for Changes to Titles/Authors after Submissions

 MODIFICATIONS TO SUBMISSIONS ARE ONLY ALLOWED UNTIL THE FULL PAPER DEADLINE (August 15 for Phase 1 submissions, September 25 for fast track submissions). No exceptions will be granted. Please see the full policy on Paper Modification Guidelines .

 Policy Concerning Multiple Submissions to Conferences or Journals

 AAAI-24 will not consider any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review or has already been published or accepted for publication in any archival venue such as a journal or a conference (workshops and preprint servers such as arXiv are acceptable). Authors are free to retract a submission from a venue with a concurrent review process (e.g., from NeurIPS-23) and submit the same work to AAAI-24 as a regular paper, provided that this retraction occurs before the AAAI-24 submission. Authors must confirm at the time of submission that the paper is not under review at another archival conference or journal.

 Once they have made a submission to AAAI-24, authors may not submit the same paper to another archival conference or journal until they receive an accept/reject decision from AAAI-24 or they withdraw their submission from AAAI-24. In some cases, it may require a judgment call to determine whether two concurrent submissions constitute a violation of AAAI’s multiple submission policy. If a concern is raised about the similarity of two non-identical submissions, at least three people will inspect whatever information is available about both submissions. If they all agree that the simultaneous submission has excessive technical overlap, the paper will be summarily rejected and the organizers of the other conference will be informed about AAAI’s decision. As with all summary rejects, such decisions are final.

 Citation and Comparison

 Papers are expected to cite those refereed publications most relevant to their content, but authors are excused for not knowing about all non-refereed work (e.g, appearing on arXiv). Nevertheless, in cases where such prior work is widely known in the field, its existence may be considered by reviewers in assessing a submission’s novelty. Papers published less than two months before the regular paper submission deadline (August 15, 2023) are considered contemporaneous to all AAAI-24 submissions (whether submitted as regular or fast track submissions); authors are not obliged to address such papers (though, especially for the camera ready versions of accepted papers, authors are encouraged to do so).

 Reproducibility Guidelines

 Authors must complete a reproducibility checklist at the time of paper submission, which outlines how to reproduce the results of the submission. These responses will become part of each paper submission and will be shared with reviewers. Information related to reproducing experimental results described in the submission may be included in the main paper or the Code and Data Appendix, as appropriate. Further technical details (proofs, descriptions of assumptions, algorithm pseudocode) may be included in the Technical Appendix. When appropriate, authors are encouraged to include detailed information about each reproducibility criterion as part of their Technical Appendix. Reviewers will be asked to assess the degree to which the results reported in a paper are reproducible, and this assessment will be weighed when making final decisions about each paper.

 Ethics Policy

 All AAAI authors and reviewers are required to honor the AAAI Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement , as well as the AAAI Code of Professional Conduct . A paper may be rejected if an author is found to violate the AAAI Publications Ethics and Malpractice Statement or the AAAI Code of Professional Conduct.

 Demonstrations

 During paper submission, authors will be able to express interest in giving a public demo of systems described in the paper. Based on these expressions of interest and on reviews, papers will be selected to participate in a demonstration session, which will happen in addition to technical talks and posters.

 This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2026 Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence. 

Your use of this site is subject to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy .

 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
 Cookie Settings Accept All 

 Manage consent 

 Close 

 Privacy Overview
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 Necessary 

 Necessary 

 Always Enabled 

 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
 Cookie Duration Description 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. 
 cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". 
 viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. 

 Functional 

 Functional 

 Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

 Performance 

 Performance 

 Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

 Analytics 

 Analytics 

 Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

 Advertisement 

 Advertisement 

 Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

 Others 

 Others 

 Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.

 SAVE & ACCEPT 

 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
 You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings .

 Accept 

 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 

 Privacy Overview 

 Strictly Necessary Cookies 

 Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance 

 Privacy Overview 
 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.

 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.

 Enable or Disable Cookies 

 Enabled 
 Disabled 

 Enable All 
 Save Settings