Adaptive Feature Imputation with Latent Graph for Deep Incomplete Multi-View Clustering
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 13: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 13
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning IV

 Adaptive Feature Imputation with Latent Graph for Deep Incomplete Multi-View Clustering

 Authors

 Jingyu Pu

 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China

 Chenhang Cui

 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China

 Xinyue Chen

 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China

 Yazhou Ren

 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China

 Xiaorong Pu

 University of Electronic Science and Technology of China

 Zhifeng Hao

 Shantou University

 Philip S. Yu

 University of Illinois Chicago

 Lifang He

 Lehigh University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i13.29380

 Keywords:

 ML: Clustering, ML: Multi-instance/Multi-view Learning 

 Abstract

 In recent years, incomplete multi-view clustering (IMVC), which studies the challenging multi-view clustering problem on missing views, has received growing research interests. Previous IMVC methods suffer from the following issues: (1) the inaccurate imputation for missing data, which leads to suboptimal clustering performance, and (2) most existing IMVC models merely consider the explicit presence of graph structure in data, ignoring the fact that latent graphs of different views also provide valuable information for the clustering task. To overcome such challenges, we present a novel method, termed Adaptive feature imputation with latent graph for incomplete multi-view clustering (AGDIMC). Specifically, it captures the embbedded features of each view by incorporating the view-specific deep encoders. Then, we construct partial latent graphs on complete data, which can consolidate the intrinsic relationships within each view while preserving the topological information. With the aim of estimating the missing sample based on the available information, we utilize an adaptive imputation layer to impute the embedded feature of missing data by using cross-view soft cluster assignments and global cluster centroids. As the imputation progresses, the portion of complete data increases, contributing to enhancing the discriminative information contained in global pseudo-labels. Meanwhile, to alleviate the negative impact caused by inferior impute samples and the discrepancy of cluster structures, we further design an adaptive imputation strategy based on the global pseudo-label and the local cluster assignment. Experimental results on multiple real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our method over existing approaches.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Pu, J., Cui, C., Chen, X., Ren, Y., Pu, X., Hao, Z., … He, L. (2024). Adaptive Feature Imputation with Latent Graph for Deep Incomplete Multi-View Clustering. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (13), 14633–14641. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i13.29380

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 13: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 13

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning IV

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence