A Multi-Modal Contrastive Diffusion Model for Therapeutic Peptide Generation
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 1: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 1
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 A Multi-Modal Contrastive Diffusion Model for Therapeutic Peptide Generation

 Authors

 Yongkang Wang

 College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China

 Xuan Liu

 College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China

 Feng Huang

 College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China

 Zhankun Xiong

 College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China

 Wen Zhang

 College of Informatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China;
Hubei Key Laboratory of Agricultural Bioinformatics, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan 430070, China;
Engineering Research Center of Intelligent Technology for Agriculture, Ministry of Education, Wuhan 430070,China

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i1.27749

 Keywords:

 APP: Natural Sciences, ML: Applications, ML: Deep Generative Models & Autoencoders 

 Abstract

 Therapeutic peptides represent a unique class of pharmaceutical agents crucial for the treatment of human diseases. Recently, deep generative models have exhibited remarkable potential for generating therapeutic peptides, but they only utilize sequence or structure information alone, which hinders the performance in generation. In this study, we propose a Multi-Modal Contrastive Diffusion model (MMCD), fusing both sequence and structure modalities in a diffusion framework to co-generate novel peptide sequences and structures. Specifically, MMCD constructs the sequence-modal and structure-modal diffusion models, respectively, and devises a multi-modal contrastive learning strategy with inter-contrastive and intra-contrastive in each diffusion timestep, aiming to capture the consistency between two modalities and boost model performance. The inter-contrastive aligns sequences and structures of peptides by maximizing the agreement of their embeddings, while the intra-contrastive differentiates therapeutic and non-therapeutic peptides by maximizing the disagreement of their sequence/structure embeddings simultaneously. The extensive experiments demonstrate that MMCD performs better than other state-of-the-art deep generative methods in generating therapeutic peptides across various metrics, including antimicrobial/anticancer score, diversity, and peptide-docking.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-25 

 How to Cite

 Wang, Y., Liu, X., Huang, F., Xiong, Z., & Zhang, W. (2024). A Multi-Modal Contrastive Diffusion Model for Therapeutic Peptide Generation. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (1), 3–11. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i1.27749

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 1: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 1

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence