OSDI '25 Call for Papers | USENIX 

 Back to USENIX Sign In 
 Conferences 

 Attend 

 Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Schedule 

 Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session 

 Participate 

 Call for Papers 

 Requirements for Authors 

 Call for Artifacts 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship 

 Sponsors 

 Exhibitor Services 

 About 

 Symposium Organizers 

 Past Symposia 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 OSDI '25 Call for Papers

 Sponsored by USENIX in cooperation with ACM SIGOPS 

 The 19th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation (OSDI '25) will be co-located with the 2025 USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC '25) and take place on July 7–9, 2025, in Boston, MA, USA.

 Important Dates

 Abstract registrations due: Tuesday, December 3, 2024, 5:59 pm EST (10:59 pm UTC) 

 Complete paper submissions due: Tuesday, December 10, 2024, 5:59 pm EST (10:59 pm UTC) 

 Author Response Period
 
 Reviews available: Thursday, March 6, 2025 

 Author responses due: Monday, March 10, 2025 

 Notification to authors: Tuesday, March 25, 2025 

 Final papers due: Thursday, June 5, 2025 

 Download Call for Papers PDF 

 Overview

 The 19th USENIX Symposium on Operating Systems Design and Implementation seeks to present innovative, exciting
 research in computer systems. OSDI brings together professionals from academic and industrial backgrounds in a
 premier forum for discussing the design, implementation, and implications of systems software. OSDI emphasizes
 innovative research and quantified or insightful experiences in systems design and implementation.

 OSDI takes a broad view of the systems area and solicits contributions from many fields of systems practice,
 including operating systems, file and storage systems, distributed systems, cloud computing, mobile systems, secure
 and reliable systems, systems aspects of big data, embedded systems, virtualization, networking as it relates to
 operating systems, and management and troubleshooting of complex systems. We also welcome work that explores the
 interface to related areas such as computer architecture, networking, programming languages, analytics, and
 databases. We encourage contributions with highly original ideas, new approaches, and groundbreaking results.

 Submitting a Paper

 Submissions will be judged on novelty, significance, interest, clarity, relevance, and correctness. Accepted papers
 will be shepherded through an editorial review process by a member of the program committee.

 A good paper will:

 Motivate a significant problem
 Propose an interesting and compelling solution
 Demonstrate the practicality and benefits of the solution
 Draw appropriate conclusions
 Clearly describe the paper's contributions
 Clearly articulate the advances beyond previous work

 Submission Scope and Relevance: The OSDI steering committee, in maintaining a three-decade
 tradition of a single-track program, is committed to deepening discussions on key computer systems topics.
 Starting from OSDI '25, there will be a deliberate focus on selecting papers that offer significant
 contributions to computer systems research and align with community interests. Reviewers will evaluate
 submissions based on the topic relevance to computer systems and their potential to impact future research and
 practices in computer systems. Additionally, submissions must demonstrate relevance and offer unique insights to
 capture the interest of a substantial portion of OSDI attendees. By adhering to these criteria, OSDI aims to
 continue its legacy by focusing on innovative research that addresses pressing needs in the computer systems field.

 Accepted papers will generally be available online to registered attendees before the conference. If your accepted
 paper should not be published prior to the event, please notify [email protected] . The papers will be available online to everyone beginning on the first day of the symposium.

 Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. All submissions will be treated as
 confidential prior to publication on the OSDI '25 website; rejected submissions will be permanently treated as
 confidential.

 Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously published work, or plagiarism
 constitutes dishonesty or fraud. USENIX, like other scientific and technical conferences and journals, prohibits
 these practices and may, on the recommendation of a program chair, take action against authors who have committed
 them. See the USENIX Conference Submissions
 Policy for details.

 Submitting a paper that had been previously submitted to and not accepted by another conference is permitted as long
 as the authors have substantially addressed the previous reviewers' comments. If the prior conference's rejection
 notification has been received less than thirteen months before the OSDI '25 submission deadline, then the authors are
 requested to provide information regarding the previous submission and a summary of the subsequent revisions to the
 paper. This information should be uploaded via the submission form, and will not be shared with the OSDI '25
 reviewers.

 Prior or concurrent workshop publication does not preclude publishing a related paper in OSDI. The online submission
 form will require authors to submit a copy of the related workshop paper and a short explanation of the new material
 in the conference paper beyond that published in the workshop version. The co-chairs may then share that paper with
 the workshop's organizers and discuss it with them.

 Prior or concurrent publication in non-peer-reviewed contexts, like arXiv.org ,
 technical reports, talks, and social media posts, is permitted. However, your OSDI submission must use an anonymized
 name for your project or system that differs from any used in such contexts.

 USENIX discourages program co-chairs from submitting papers to the conferences they organize, although they are
 allowed to do so. Should either program co-chair submit work to OSDI '25, their papers will be handled exclusively
 by the other program co-chair and reviewed according to the same rigorous and double-blinded procedures that the
 program committee applies to all papers. In the event that a paper is co-authored by, or otherwise conflicted with
 both co-chairs, the co-chairs will designate a PC member to manage the reviewing process for that paper.

 Questions? Contact your program co-chairs, [email protected] , or
 the USENIX office, [email protected] .

 By submitting a paper, you agree that at least one of the authors will attend the conference to present it. If the
 conference registration fee will pose a hardship for the presenter of the accepted paper, please contact
 [email protected] . For very special support circumstances (such as travel restrictions or health issues), USENIX may provide the possibility of remote presentation and Q&A.

 If your paper is accepted and you need an invitation letter to apply for a visa to attend the conference, please
 contact [email protected] as soon as possible. Visa applications are reportedly taking more than two months to process. Please identify yourself as a presenter or an author, and include your mailing address in your email request.

 Deadline and Submission Instructions

 Authors must register abstracts and submit full papers by the dates indicated above. These are hard deadlines, and
 no extensions will be given. Submitted papers must be no longer than 12 single-spaced 8.5" x 11" pages, including
 figures and tables, plus as many pages as needed for references, using 10-point type on 12-point (single-spaced)
 leading, two-column format, Times Roman or a similar font, within a text block 7" wide x 9" deep. Accepted papers
 will be allowed 14 pages in the proceedings, plus references. Papers not meeting these criteria will be rejected
 without review, and no deadline extensions will be granted for reformatting. Pages should be numbered, and figures
 and tables should be legible in black and white, without requiring magnification. Papers so short as to be
 considered "extended abstracts" will not receive full consideration.

 Supplementary Material

 Authors may upload supplementary material in files separate from their submissions. PC members are not required to
 read supplementary material when reviewing the paper, so each paper should stand alone without it. Authors may use
 this for content that may be of interest to some readers but is peripheral to the main technical contributions of
 the paper. Examples of materials that may be included are: formal proofs that are only sketched in the paper;
 snippets of code that detail an algorithm presented in the paper; and methodological details that are not essential
 for the PC’s assessment but are important for reproducibility. Importantly, because the PC members are NOT required
 to read the supplementary material, the submission must stand alone without it. Attaching supplementary material is
 optional; if your paper says that you have formal proofs or source code, you need not attach them to convince the PC
 of their existence.

 Identity Blinding

 The paper review process is double-blind. Authors must make a good-faith effort to anonymize their submissions, and
 they should not identify themselves or their institutions either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the
 references or acknowledgments). Submissions violating the detailed formatting and anonymization rules will be
 rejected without review. If you are uncertain about how to anonymize your submission, contact the program co-chairs,
 [email protected] , well in advance of the submission deadline.

 Abstract Registration

 Registering abstracts a week before paper submission is an essential part of the paper-reviewing process, as PC
 members use this time to identify which papers they are qualified to review. Abstract registrations that do not
 provide sufficient information to understand the topic and contribution (e.g., empty abstracts, placeholder
 abstracts, or trivial abstracts) will be rejected, thereby precluding paper submission.

 Conflicts

 When registering your abstract, you must provide information about conflicts with PC members. A PC member is a
 conflict if and only if one or more of the following circumstances applies:

 Institution: You are currently employed at the same institution, have been previously employed at
 the same institution within the past two years (not counting concluded internships), or are going to begin
 employment at the same institution during the review period.

 Advisor: You have a past or present association as thesis advisor or advisee.

 Collaboration: You have a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal, program
 co-chairship, or editorship within the past two years (December 2022 through December 2024).

 Personal: You are close family relatives (spouses, domestic partners, parents, or children).

 You must not identify a PC member as a conflict if none of these circumstances applies. For instance, the following
 are not sufficient grounds to specify a conflict with a PC member: they have reviewed the work before, they are
 employed by your competitor, they are your friend, they were your post-doc advisor or advisee, or they had the same
 advisor as you.

 The chairs will review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the reviewing process, adding or removing
 conflicts if necessary. The chairs may reject abstracts or papers on the basis of missing or extraneous conflicts.
 If you have any questions about conflicts, please contact the program co-chairs.

 Authors are also encouraged to contact the program co-chairs, [email protected] , if needed to relate their
 OSDI submissions to relevant submissions of their own that are simultaneously under review or awaiting publication
 at other venues. The program co-chairs will use this information at their discretion to preserve the anonymity of
 the review process without jeopardizing the outcome of the current OSDI submission.

 Papers must be in PDF format and must be submitted via the submission
 system . For more details on the submission process, and for templates to use with LaTeX, Word, etc., authors
 should consult the detailed submission
 requirements .

 SUBMIT YOUR WORK 

 Author Response Period

 OSDI will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior to final consideration of the papers at the
 program committee meeting, during the dates shown above. Authors must limit their responses to (a) correcting
 factual errors in the reviews or (b) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers. Responses should be limited
 to clarifying the submitted work. In particular, responses must not include new experiments or data, describe
 additional work completed since submission, or promise additional work to follow.

 Submission of a response is optional. The response can be of any length up to 2000 words. A shorter and crisper
 response is often advantageous, while a response longer than 2000 words is prohibited.

 Revise and Resubmit

 OSDI '25 will continue the option to revise and resubmit for some of the rejected papers. If a paper is given this
 option as indicated in the notification, authors will be provided with a list of issues to address.
 Authors may then resubmit a revised version with a response to the issues. If accepted, the paper will be presented
 at OSDI '25.

 Symposium Organizers

 Program Co-Chairs 

 Lidong Zhou, Microsoft 

 Yuanyuan Zhou, University of California, San Diego 

 Program Committee 

 Nitin Agrawal, Google 

 Adil Ahmad, Arizona State University 

 Sebastian Angel, University of Pennsylvania 

 Mahesh Balakrishnan, Confluent, Inc. 

 Daniel S. Berger, Microsoft and University of Washington 

 Shai Aviram Bergman, Huawei Research Center Zurich 

 Laurent Bindschaedler, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS) 

 James Bornholt, The University of Texas at Austin and Amazon Web Services 

 Thomas Bourgeat, EPFL 

 Marco Canini, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology (KAUST) 

 Ang Chen, University of Michigan 

 Haibo Chen, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Kang Chen, Tsinghua University 

 Qi Chen, Microsoft Research 

 Rong Chen, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Mosharaf Chowdhury, University of Michigan 

 Byung-Gon Chun, FriendliAI and Seoul National University 

 David Cock, ETH Zurich 

 Natacha Crooks, University of California, Berkeley 

 Heming Cui, The University of Hong Kong 

 Tiziano De Matteis, Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam 

 Daniele De Sensi, Sapienza University of Rome 

 Yufei Ding, University of California, San Diego 

 Mingkai Dong, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Haggai Eran, NVIDIA 

 Ittay Eyal, Technion—Israel Institute of Technology 

 Pedro Fonseca, Purdue University 

 Ada Gavrilovska, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Andreas Haeberlen, University of Pennsylvania and Roblox 

 Gernot Heiser, University of New South Wales 

 Michio Honda, University of Edinburgh 

 Jon Howell, VMware Research 

 Yu Hua, Huazhong University of Science and Technology 

 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan 

 Anand Iyer, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Zhipeng Jia, Google 

 Sudarsun Kannan, Rutgers University 

 Rüdiger Kapitza, Friedrich-Alexander-Universität Erlangen-Nürnberg 

 Sanidhya Kashyap, EPFL 

 Vasileios Kemerlis, Brown University 

 Anne-Marie Kermarrec, EPFL 

 Samira Khan, University of Virginia and Google 

 Anurag Khandelwal, Yale University 

 Marios Kogias, Imperial College London 

 Dejan Kostic, KTH Royal Institute of Technology 

 Sanjeev Kumar, Uber 

 Fan Lai, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Andrea Lattuada, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems (MPI-SWS) 

 Patrick P. C. Lee, The Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Philip Levis, Stanford University and Google 

 Amit Levy, Princeton University 

 Cheng Li, University of Science and Technology of China 

 Jialin Li, National University of Singapore 

 Shan Lu, Microsoft Research 

 Youyou Lu, Tsinghua University 

 Xiaosong Ma, MBZUAI 

 Martin Maas, Google DeepMind 

 Ratul Mahajan, University of Washington 

 Changwoo Min, Igalia 

 Kiran-Kumar Muniswamy-Reddy, Amazon Web Services 

 Srinivas Narayana, Rutgers University 

 Ravi Netravali, Princeton University 

 Amy Ousterhout, University of California, San Diego 

 Thomas Pasquier, University of British Columbia 

 Yuvraj Patel, University of Edinburgh 

 Gennady Pekhimenko, University of Toronto and CentML 

 Peter Pietzuch, Imperial College London 

 Clément Pit-Claudel, EPFL 

 Raluca Popa, University of California, Berkeley 

 Andi Quinn, University of California, Santa Cruz 

 Deepti Raghavan, Brown University 

 Ramachandran Ramjee, Microsoft Research 

 Luis Rodrigues, INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico, University of Lisbon 

 Takahiro Shinagawa, The University of Tokyo 

 Anirudh Sivaraman, New York University 

 Muthian Sivathanu, India 

 Robert Soule, Yale University 

 Akshitha Sriraman, Carnegie Mellon University and Google 

 Patrick Stuedi, Meta 

 Michael Stumm, University of Toronto 

 Cheng Tan, Northeastern University 

 Shivaram Venkataraman, University of Wisconsin—Madison 

 Stephanie Wang, University of Washington 

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exosteller, Inc. 

 Xingda Wei, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Emmett Witchel, The University of Texas at Austin 

 Yubin Xia, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign 

 Junfeng Yang, Columbia University 

 Eiko Yoneki, University of Cambridge 

 Haifeng Yu, National University of Singapore 

 Minlan Yu, Harvard University 

 Hong Zhang, University of Waterloo 

 Yang Zhou, University of California, Davis, and University of California, Berkeley 

 Poster Session Co-Chairs 

 Patrick P. C. Lee, The Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Cheng Li, University of Science and Technology of China 

 Mentoring Co-Chairs 

 Vasiliki Kalavri, Boston University 

 Cheng Tan, Northeastern University 

 Artifact Evaluation Committee Co-Chairs 

 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan 

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Artifact Evaluation Committee 

 Ghazal Abdollahi, University of Utah 

 Ghadeer Almusaddar, Binghamton University 

 Ayush Bansal, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Binong Kiri Bey, Indian Institute of Technology 

 Archit Bhatnagar, University of Michigan 

 Rahul Bothra, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Cláudia Brito, INESC TEC and University of Minho 

 Quinn Burke, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Cathy Cai, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Tingjia Cao, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Sarthak Chakraborty, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Hongzheng Chen, Cornell University 

 Qixuan Chen, Boston University 

 Xiang Chen, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 Yi Chen, University of Michigan 

 Feng Cheng, Duke University 

 Georgia Christofidi, IMDEA Software Institute 

 Jackson Clark, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Chuanqi Cong, Beihang University 

 Guangyang Deng, Xiamen University 

 Jiaqi Deng, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Sriram Devata, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Huibing Dong, University of Minnesota 

 Juechu Dong, University of Michigan 

 Chunfeng Du, Zhengzhou University 

 Enguang Fan, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Yuan Feng, University of California, Merced 

 Shen Fu, University of Science and Technology of China 

 Kaihui Gao, Zhongguancun Laboratory 

 Xiangyu Gao, University of Washington 

 Raja Gond, Microsoft Research 

 Jinnan Guo, Imperial College London 

 Ke Han, Purdue University 

 Wanning He, University of Michigan 

 Kiran Hombal, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Lana Honcharuk, Crusoe Cloud 

 Tony Hong, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Guanzhou Hu, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Hao Hu, Harare Institute of Technology 

 Tiancheng Hu, Peking University 

 Hao Huang, Harbin Institute of Technology 

 Lei Huang, Boston University 

 Ryan Huang, University of Michigan 

 Songlin Huang, The University of Hong Kong 

 Yibo Huang, University of Michigan 

 Malvika Jadhav, University of Florida 

 Shashwat Jaiswal, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Yuchen Ji, ShanghaiTech University 

 Haitian Jiang, New York University 

 Teng "Sebastian" Jiang, Columbia University 

 Zhihan Jiang, Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Zewen Jin, University of Science and Technology of China 

 Sagar Bharadwaj Kalasibail Seetharam, Carnegie Mellon University 

 Rishika Varma Kalidindi, University of Michigan 

 Saisha Kamat, University of North Carolina at Charlotte 

 Ashish Kashinath, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Zhaokang Ke, University of Minnesota 

 Jungwoo Kim, Stanford University 

 Arohi Kumar, Google 

 Fadhil Kurnia, University of Massachusetts Amherst 

 Borui Li, Southeast University 

 Hanchen Li, Stealth Startup and University of California, Berkeley 

 Jiansong Li, Li Auto Inc 

 Junzhe Li, The University of Hong Kong 

 Shengkai Li, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences 

 Sijia Li, Virginia Tech 

 Tuo Li, Tsinghua University 

 Yueying Li, Cornell University 

 Yuke Li, University of California, Merced 

 Zeyu Li, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 Zhifei Li, University of California, Berkeley 

 Junxuan Liao, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Georgios Liargkovas, Columbia University 

 Changyuan Lin, University of British Columbia 

 Jing Liu, Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy 

 Peizhe Liu, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Yiqi Liu, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Jiaheng Lu, University of Michigan 

 Shouxi Luo, Southwest Jiaotong University 

 Yilong Luo, Peking University 

 Jeff J. Ma, University of Michigan 

 Shivani Mehendarge, Amazon 

 Deepanjali Mishra, Carnegie Mellon University 

 Farzad Mohammadi, Imperial College London 

 Grigoris Ntousakis, Brown University 

 João Oliveira, INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa 

 Nikolaos Pagonas, Columbia University 

 Jiaqi Pan, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign and Tsinghua University 

 Lichen Pan, Peking University 

 Melissa Z. Pan, University of California, Berkeley 

 Yanqi Pan, Harbin Institute of Technology 

 Zaifeng Pan, University of California, San Diego 

 Santosh Pandey, Rutgers University 

 Konstantinos Papaioannou, IMDEA Software Institute 

 Michael Paper, Stanford University 

 Magdalena Pasternak, University of Florida 

 Sibendu Paul, Amazon Prime Video 

 Pedro Henrique Penna, Microsoft Research 

 Stratos Psomadakis, National Technical University of Athens 

 Rohan Puri, Samsung Semiconductor 

 Shangshu Qian, Purdue University 

 Feiran (Alex) Qin, North Carolina State University 

 Suyan Qu, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Vishal Rao, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Siddhant Ray, University of Chicago 

 Jonah Rosenblum, University of Michigan 

 Giannis Roumpos, IMDEA Software Institute 

 Amit Samanta, University of Utah 

 Srinjoy Sarkar, Indian Institute of Technology 

 Aditya Shah, Google 

 Shail Shah, Microsoft 

 Shazibul Islam Shamim, Kennesaw State University 

 Tanvi Sharma, Purdue University 

 Xiaoxiang Shi, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Sachin Kumar Singh, University of Utah 

 Jiansen Song, Chinese Academy of Sciences 

 Yuhang Song, Boston University 

 Zihe Song, The University of Texas at Dallas 

 Cesar A. Stuardo, ByteDance 

 Yiming Su, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Qingxiao Sun, China University of Petroleum 

 Tong Sun, Zhejiang University 

 Xin Tan, Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Syed Salauddin Mohammad Tariq, University of Michigan 

 Sahil Tyagi, Oak Ridge National Laboratory 

 Diogo Vaz, INESC-ID and Instituto Superior Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa 

 Alan Wang, Northeastern University 

 Ruihong Wang, Purdue University 

 Wenlong Wang, University of Minnesota 

 Xinkai Wang, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Yun Wang, Shanghai Jiao Tong University 

 Chiyue Wei, Duke University 

 Hengfeng Wei, Nanjing University 

 Caeden Whitaker, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Chao Wu, Nanjing University of Science and Technology 

 Yanran Wu, Purdue University 

 Zeqing Wu, Zhengzhou University 

 Ziqiang Wu, Huazhong University of Science and Technology 

 Xingyu Xiang, Harvard University 

 Shaokang Xie, University of California, Davis 

 Yifan Xie, National University of Defense Technology 

 Guanglei Xu, Huazhong University of Science and Technology 

 Hanchen Xu, Virginia Tech 

 Haocheng Xu, University of California, Irvine 

 Tianyin Xu, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Kaiwen Xue, University of Michigan 

 Mingxuan Yang, Imperial College London 

 Sheng Yao, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 

 Chenhao Ye, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Jia Yin, Renmin University 

 Jinsun Yoo, Georgia Institute of Technology 

 Boxi Yu, Chinese University of Hong Kong 

 Diman Zad Tootaghaj, Hewlett Packard Labs 

 Wahid Uz Zaman, The Pennsylvania State University 

 Ioannis Zarkadas, Columbia University 

 Junyao Zhang, Duke University 

 Siyuan Zhang, Ohio State University 

 Songhao Zhang, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Wenhui Zhang, ByteDance 

 Xiangqun Zhang, Syracuse University 

 Xiao Zhang, The University of Texas at Austin 

 Yuanliang Zhang, National University of Defense Technology 

 Naiqian Zheng, Peking University 

 Xinying Zheng, University of Illinois Urbana–Champaign 

 Yusheng Zheng, University of California, Santa Cruz 

 Shawn Zhong, University of Wisconsin–Madison 

 Tianle Zhong, University of Virginia 

 Yangjie Zhou, National University of Singapore 

 Jianian Zhu, Huazhong University of Science and Technology 

 Siqi Zhu, Tsinghua University 

 Zeying Zhu, University of Maryland 

 Xiangyu Zou, Harbin Institute of Technology 

 Steering Committee 

 Marcos K. Aguilera, VMware Research 

 Angela Demke Brown, University of Toronto 

 Casey Henderson-Ross, USENIX Association 

 Jon Howell, VMware Research 

 Kimberly Keeton, Google 

 Jay Lorch, Microsoft Research 

 Shan Lu, University of Chicago 

 Timothy Roscoe, ETH Zurich 

 Geoff Voelker, University of California, San Diego 

 Hakim Weatherspoon, Cornell University and Exosteller, Inc. 

 Attend Registration Information 

 Registration Discounts 

 Grant Opportunities 

 Venue, Hotel, and Travel 

 Schedule Technical Sessions 

 Activities 

 Poster Session 

 Participate Call for Papers 

 Requirements for Authors 

 Call for Artifacts 

 Call for Posters 

 Instructions for Presenters 

 Mentorship 

 Sponsors Exhibitor Services 

 About Symposium Organizers 

 Past Symposia 

 Conference Policies 

 Code of Conduct 

 Questions 

 LinkedIn Facebook Youtube Twitter Mastodon 

 Privacy Policy 

 Contact Us 

 © USENIX 

 EIN 13-3055038