Untrained Neural Nets for Snapshot Compressive Imaging: Theory and Algorithms 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 Untrained Neural Nets for Snapshot Compressive Imaging: Theory and Algorithms

 Mengyu Zhao, Xi Chen, Xin Yuan, Shirin Jalali

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 Snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) recovers high-dimensional (3D) data cubes from a single 2D measurement, enabling diverse applications like video and hyperspectral imaging to go beyond standard techniques in terms of acquisition speed and efficiency. In this paper, we focus on SCI recovery algorithms that employ untrained neural networks (UNNs), such as deep image prior (DIP), to model source structure. Such UNN-based methods are appealing as they have the potential of avoiding the computationally intensive retraining required for different source models and different measurement scenarios. We first develop a theoretical framework for characterizing the performance of such UNN-based methods. The theoretical framework, on the one hand, enables us to optimize the parameters of data-modulating masks, and on the other hand, provides a fundamental connection between the number of data frames that can be recovered from a single measurement to the parameters of the untrained NN. We also employ the recently proposed bagged-deep-image-prior (bagged-DIP) idea to develop SCI Bagged Deep Video Prior (SCI-BDVP) algorithms that address the common challenges faced by standard UNN solutions. Our experimental results show that in video SCI our proposed solution achieves state-of-the-art among UNN methods, and in the case of noisy measurements, it even outperforms supervised solutions. Code is publicly available at https://github.com/Computational-Imaging-RU/SCI-BDVP .

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-2850 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly