PrefAce: Face-Centric Pretraining with Self-Structure Aware Distillation
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 11: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 11
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning II

 PrefAce: Face-Centric Pretraining with Self-Structure Aware Distillation

 Authors

 Siyuan Hu

 Nanyang Technological University

 Zheng Wang

 Wuhan University

 Peng Hu

 Sichuan University

 Xi Peng

 Sichuan University

 Jie Wu

 Wuhan University

 Hongyuan Zhu

 Institute for Infocomm Research (I2R) & Centre for Frontier AI Research (CFAR), A*STAR, Singapore

 Yew Soon Ong

 Nanyang Technological University
Institute for Infocomm Research (I2R) & Centre for Frontier AI Research (CFAR), A*STAR, Singapore

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i11.29147

 Keywords:

 ML: Multimodal Learning, ML: Representation Learning 

 Abstract

 Video-based facial analysis is important for autonomous agents to understand human expressions and sentiments. However, limited labeled data is available to learn effective facial representations. This paper proposes a novel self-supervised face-centric pretraining framework, called PrefAce, which learns transferable video facial representation without labels. The self-supervised learning is performed with an effective landmark-guided global-local tube distillation. Meanwhile, a novel instance-wise update FaceFeat Cache is built to enforce more discriminative and diverse representations for downstream tasks. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed framework learns universal instance-aware facial representations with fine-grained landmark details from videos. The point is that it can transfer across various facial analysis tasks, e.g., Facial Attribute Recognition (FAR), Facial Expression Recognition (FER), DeepFake Detection (DFD), and Lip Synchronization (LS). Our framework also outperforms the state-of-the-art on various downstream tasks, even in low data regimes. Code is available at https://github.com/siyuan-h/PrefAce.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Hu, S., Wang, Z., Hu, P., Peng, X., Wu, J., Zhu, H., & Ong, Y. S. (2024). PrefAce: Face-Centric Pretraining with Self-Structure Aware Distillation. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (11), 12538–12546. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i11.29147

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 11: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 11

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning II

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence