SOSP 2023 - Symposium on Operating Systems Principles 

 -->
 
 In cooperation with

 Follow @sosp2021 
 -->

 Home 

 Conference Details 
 
 Program 

 Workshop and Tutorial Schedule 
-->
 Registration 

 Venue 

 Sponsors 

 Tutorials 
 -->
 Accepted Papers 

 Artifact Evaluation 
 -->
 Organizers 

 Sponsors 
 -->
 Workshops and Tutorials 

 Local Information 
 
 Tutorial 

 Birds of Feather 

 Excursion 

 Registration 

-->
 
 Calls for Participation 
 
 Call for Papers 

 Call for Workshops/Tutorials 

 Call for Artifacts 

 Call for Posters 

 Call for Tutorials 
-->
 Student Research Competition 

 Call for Scholarships 

 Call for Sponsors 

 Mentoring 

 Additional Information 
 
 Visa Information 

 Child Care 
-->
 Instructions for Authors 

 Code of Conduct 

 Diversity Plan 

 -->
 Prior SOSPs 

 IMPRINT 

 DATA PROTECTION 

 -->

 SOSP 2023

 The 29th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles

 October 23-26, 2023

 The 29th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles

 October 23-26, 2023
 
 -->

 Home 

 Conference Details 
 
 Venue 

 Program 

 Registration 

 Artifact Evaluation 
 -->
 Organizers 

 Sponsors 

 Accepted Papers 

 Tutorials 
 -->
 Workshops and Tutorials 

 Calls for
 Participation 
 
 Call for Papers 

 Call for Workshops/Tutorials 

 Call for Artifacts 

 Call for Posters 

 Student Research Competition 

 Call for Scholarships 

 Mentoring 

 Call for Sponsors 

 Additional Information 
 
 Instructions for Authors 

 Code of Conduct 

 Prior SOSPs 

 Call for Papers

 The 29th ACM Symposium on Operating Systems Principles (SOSP) seeks to
 present exciting, innovative research related to the design,
 implementation, analysis, evaluation, and deployment of computer
 systems software.

 Topics

 SOSP takes a broad view of the systems area and solicits contributions
 from many fields of systems practice, including, but not limited to:
 operating systems, file and storage systems, distributed systems, cloud
 computing, mobile and edge systems, secure and reliable systems,
 systems aspects of big data and machine learning, embedded and
 real-time systems, virtualization, and management and troubleshooting
 of complex systems. We also welcome work that explores the interaction
 of computer systems with related areas such as computer architecture,
 networking, programming languages, verification, and databases. In
 keeping with SOSP tradition, we will favor work that explores new
 territory, continues a significant research dialogue, or reflects on
 experience with or measurements of state-of-the-art implementations.

 Important Dates

 Event Info 
 Date 
 Link 

 Deadline to Register Abstracts 
 April 10, 2023; 23:59 ET 
 HotCRP Site 

 Submission Deadline (no extensions) 
 April 17, 2023; 23:59 ET 
 HotCRP Site 

 Reviews available for author response 
 July 1, 2023 

 Author response due 
 July 6, 2023 

 Acceptance notification 
 July 16, 2023 

 Artifact intent registration 
 July 21, 2023; 18:00 ET 
 HOTCRP Site for Artifacts 

 Artifact submission 
 July 28, 2023; 18:00 ET 
 See sysartifacts for details 

 Camera ready due 
 September 11, 2023 
 HotCRP Site 

 Workshops 
 October 23, 2023 
 Conference Site 

 Conference 
 October 23-26, 2023 
 Conference Site 

 Submission Criteria

 Papers will be judged on novelty, significance, interest, clarity,
 relevance, and correctness. A good paper will:

 Motivate a significant problem;

 Propose and implement an interesting, compelling solution;

 Demonstrate the practicality and benefits of the solution;

 Draw appropriate conclusions;

 Clearly describe the paper's contributions; and

 Clearly articulate the advances beyond previous work.

 We encourage submission of groundbreaking work in significant new
 directions, with the understanding that evaluation criteria for papers
 addressing new problems may be different from those continuing a line
 of work in a more established area.

 Originality

 Submissions should contain original, unpublished material. Simultaneous
 submission of the same work to multiple venues, submission of previously
 published work, or plagiarism is not allowed.

 Submissions that extend the authors' previous work are welcome, but
 authors must explain the differences between the SOSP submission and
 the prior work, much in the same way as the authors are expected to
 articulate the contributions of their submission as they relate to prior
 work by others.

 Prior or concurrent workshop publication does not preclude publishing a
 related paper in SOSP. Authors should email the program co-chairs a
 copy of the related workshop paper and a short explanation of the new
 material in the conference paper beyond that published in the workshop
 version. As long as there is significant additional content in the
 submission compared to the prior workshop publication, the PC will
 evaluate the submission's entire contribution, not just the delta.

 Prior or concurrent publication in non-peer-reviewed contexts, like
 arXiv.org, technical reports, talks, and social media posts, is explicitly
 permitted.

 Author Response Period

 SOSP will provide an opportunity for authors to respond to reviews prior
 to final consideration of the papers at the program committee meeting.
 Authors must limit their responses to (a) correcting factual errors in
 the reviews or (b) directly addressing questions posed by reviewers.
 Responses should be limited to clarifying the submitted work. In
 particular, responses must not include new experiments or data, describe
 additional work completed since submission, or promise additional work to
 follow. As PC members are not required to review supplementary materials,
 responses must not rely on the existence of those materials. (See details
 below.)

 Submission of a response is optional. There is no explicit limit to the
 response, but authors are strongly encouraged to keep responses under 500
 words; reviewers are neither required nor expected to read excessively
 long responses.

 Anonymity

 SOSP will use double-blind reviewing. Please make a good faith attempt
 to anonymize your submission. Avoid identifying yourself or your
 institution explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references
 or acknowledgments). The first page should use the paper ID assigned
 during registration in place of the author names. If the name of your
 project or system is already known to the community (e.g., through
 technical reports, talks, social media posts, or other use), your SOSP
 submission must use an anonymized name.

 Use care in referring to your own related work. Do not omit references
 to your prior work, as this would make it difficult for reviewers to
 place your submission in its proper context. Instead, reference your
 past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of
 related work. For example, you might say "Our system modifies the XYZ
 operating system built by Lee et al. [Lee17]". For concurrent
 submissions, cite an anonymized version of the concurrent submission
 and discuss the relation between the submissions, and email the PC
 chairs a copy of your other concurrent submission.

 If your submission reports on experiences with a system at your
 institution or organization, you should refer to the system anonymously
 but describe the properties of the system that are needed to appreciate
 the work (e.g., size of the user base, volume of requests, etc.). We
 recognize that, in some cases, these properties may allow a reviewer to
 identify your institution or organization.

 Check with the program chairs if you are uncertain about the anonymity
 rules.

 Formatting

 Papers will be submitted electronically in PDF format via the
 web submission form .

 Submissions may have at most 12 pages of technical content, including
 all text, figures, tables, etc. Bibliographic references are not
 included in the 12-page limit. Use A4 or US letter paper size, with all
 text and figures fitting inside a 178 x 229 mm (7 x 9 in) block
 centered on the page, using two columns separated by 8 mm (0.33) of
 whitespace. Use 10-point font (typeface Times Roman, Linux Libertine,
 etc.) on 12-point (single-spaced) leading. Graphs and figures should be
 readable when printed in grayscale, without magnification. All pages
 should be numbered, and references within the paper should be
 hyperlinked.

 Authors may optionally include supplementary material, such as formal
 proofs or analyses, as a separate document; PC members are not required
 to read this material, so the submission must stand alone without it.
 Supplementary material is intended for items that are not critical for
 evaluating the paper but may be of interest to some readers.

 Submissions violating these rules will not be considered for
 publication, and there will be no extensions for fixing violations. We
 encourage you to upload an early draft of the paper well before the
 deadline to check if the paper meets the formatting rules.

 Most of these rules are automatically applied when using the
 
 official SIGPLAN Latex or MS Word templates from the ACM .

 For Latex, we recommend you use:
 \documentclass [sigplan,10pt] { acmart } 
 \renewcommand\footnotetextcopyrightpermission [1] {} 
...
 \settopmatter { printfolios=true } 
 \maketitle 
 \pagestyle { plain } 
...

 Confidentiality

 Reviewing will be done mostly by members of the program committee, with
 limited use of outside reviewers. Submissions will be treated as
 confidential; however, papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement
 forms will not be considered for publication.

 Conflicts

 To avoid conflicts of interest in the review process, when
 you register and submit your paper, we ask that you provide
 information about conflicts between any of the authors of your
 submission and PC members. Use the following guidelines to
 determine conflicts:

 Institutional: You are currently employed at the same
 institution, have been previously employed at the same institution
 within the past two years, or are going to begin employment at
 the same institution.

 Advisor or Collaborator: You have a past or present
 association as Ph.D. thesis advisor or advisee, or you have
 a collaboration on a project, publication, grant proposal,
 or editorship within the past two years (2021 or later).

 The PC may review paper conflicts to ensure the integrity of the
 reviewing process, adding conflicts if necessary. Similarly,
 if there is no basis for conflicts provided by authors, such
 conflicts may be removed (e.g., do not improperly identify PC
 members as a conflict in an attempt to avoid having an individual
 review your paper). If you have any questions about conflicts,
 please contact the program co-chairs.

 PC members will not be able to review, read the reviews of,
 or participate in discussions of papers they are conflicted
 with. The review process for papers conflicted with both PC
 chairs will be managed by another PC member designated as the
 "conflict chair". For any papers co-authored by the PC chairs,
 the conflict chair will be asked to hold them to a higher standard
 of being a "clear accept".

 Accepted Papers

 Papers selected by the program committee will be subject to revision
 and approval by a program committee member acting as a shepherd.
 Authors of accepted papers will be expected to supply electronic
 versions of their papers and encouraged to supply source code and raw
 data to help others replicate and understand their results, as part of
 an artifact evaluation process. To facilitate broad technical
 discussion, all accepted papers will be made available online in
 advance of the conference. The official publication date will be the
 date the proceedings are made publicly accessible. For more information
 about the ACM OpenSurround Service, please go to
 
 https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/free-access .

 Papers of particular merit will be forwarded to the ACM Transactions on
 Computer Systems (TOCS) and the Communications of the ACM's Research
 Highlights (CACM RH) for possible publication.

 Submission Information

 Papers must be submitted electronically in PDF format via the
 web submission form 

 Questions

 Any questions about paper submissions can be emailed to
 sosp23-pc-chairs@mpi-sws.org .

 ©SIGOPS 2017 · Privacy Policy · All trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

 -->

 In cooperation with