VerilogCoder: Autonomous Verilog Coding Agents with Graph-based Planning and Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)-based Waveform Tracing Tool
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 VerilogCoder: Autonomous Verilog Coding Agents with Graph-based Planning and Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)-based Waveform Tracing Tool

 Authors

 Chia-Tung Ho

 NVIDIA

 Haoxing Ren

 NVIDIA

 Brucek Khailany

 NVIDIA

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32007

 Abstract

 Due to the growing complexity of modern Integrated Circuits (ICs), automating hardware design can prevent a significant amount of human error from the engineering process and result in less errors. Verilog is a popular hardware description language for designing and modeling digital systems; thus, Verilog generation is one of the emerging areas of research to facilitate the design process. In this work, we propose VerilogCoder, a system of multiple Artificial Intelligence (AI) agents for Verilog code generation, to autonomously write Verilog code and fix syntax and functional errors using collaborative Verilog tools (i.e., syntax checker, simulator, and waveform tracer). Firstly, we propose a task planner that utilizes a novel Task and Circuit Relation Graph retrieval method to construct a holistic plan based on module descriptions. To debug and fix functional errors, we develop a novel and efficient abstract syntax tree (AST)-based waveform tracing tool, which is integrated within the autonomous Verilog completion flow. The proposed methodology successfully generates 94.2% syntactically and functionally correct Verilog code, surpassing the state-of-the-art methods by 33.9% on the VerilogEval-Human v2 benchmark.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2025-04-11 

 How to Cite

 Ho, C.-T., Ren, H., & Khailany, B. (2025). VerilogCoder: Autonomous Verilog Coding Agents with Graph-based Planning and Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)-based Waveform Tracing Tool. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 39 (1), 300–307. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32007

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence