Abstract Action Scheduling for Optimal Temporal Planning via OMT
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 18: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 18
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Planning, Routing, and Scheduling

 Abstract Action Scheduling for Optimal Temporal Planning via OMT

 Authors

 Stefan Panjkovic

 Fondazione Bruno Kessler
University of Trento

 Andrea Micheli

 Fondazione Bruno Kessler

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i18.30002

 Keywords:

 PRS: Temporal Planning, CSO: Satisfiability Modulo Theories 

 Abstract

 Given the model of a system with explicit temporal constraints, optimal temporal planning is the problem of finding a schedule of actions that achieves a certain goal while optimizing an objective function. Recent approaches for optimal planning reduce the problem to a series of queries to an Optimization Modulo Theory (OMT) solver: each query encodes a bounded version of the problem, with additional abstract actions representing an over-approximation of the plans beyond the bound. This technique suffers from performance issues, mainly due to the looseness of the over-approximation, which can include many non-executable plans.
In this paper, we propose a refined abstraction for solving optimal temporal planning via OMT by introducing abstract scheduling constraints, which have a double purpose. First, they enforce a partial ordering of abstract actions based on mutual dependencies between them, which leads to a better makespan estimation and allows to prove optimality sooner. Second, they implicitly forbid circular self-enabling of abstract actions, which is a common cause of spurious models that severely affects performance in existing approaches. We prove the soundness and completeness of the resulting approach and empirically demonstrate its superiority with respect to the state of the art.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Panjkovic, S., & Micheli, A. (2024). Abstract Action Scheduling for Optimal Temporal Planning via OMT. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (18), 20222–20229. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i18.30002

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 18: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 18

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Planning, Routing, and Scheduling

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence