Enhancing LLM Reasoning via Vision-Augmented Prompting 

 NeurIPS Proceedings 

 Search 

 Enhancing LLM Reasoning via Vision-Augmented Prompting

 Ziyang Xiao, Dongxiang Zhang, Xiongwei Han, Xiaojin Fu, Wing Yin Yu, Tao Zhong, Sai Wu, Yuan Wang, Jianwei Yin, Gang Chen

 Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 37 (NeurIPS 2024) 
 Main Conference Track 

 Bibtex Paper Supplemental 

 Abstract

 Verbal and visual-spatial information processing are two critical subsystems that activate different brain regions and often collaborate together for cognitive reasoning. Despite the rapid advancement of LLM-based reasoning, the mainstream frameworks, such as Chain-of-Thought (CoT) and its variants, primarily focus on the verbal dimension, resulting in limitations in tackling reasoning problems with visual and spatial clues. To bridge the gap, we propose a novel dual-modality reasoning framework called Vision-Augmented Prompting (VAP). Upon receiving a textual problem description, VAP automatically synthesizes an image from the visual and spatial clues by utilizing external drawing tools. Subsequently, VAP formulates a chain of thought in both modalities and iteratively refines the synthesized image. Finally, a conclusive reasoning scheme based on self-alignment is proposed for final result generation. Extensive experiments are conducted across four versatile tasks, including solving geometry problems, Sudoku, time series prediction, and travelling salesman problem. The results validated the superiority of VAP over existing LLMs-based reasoning frameworks.

 DOI

 10.52202/079017-0905 

 Name Change Policy

 × 

 Requests for name changes in the electronic proceedings will be accepted with no questions asked. However name changes may cause bibliographic tracking issues. Authors are asked to consider this carefully and discuss it with their co-authors prior to requesting a name change in the electronic proceedings.

 Use the "Report an Issue" link to request a name change.

 Report an Issue | Name Change Policy 

 Do not remove: This comment is monitored to verify that the site is working properly