TD²-Net: Toward Denoising and Debiasing for Video Scene Graph Generation
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 4: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 4
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision III

 TD²-Net: Toward Denoising and Debiasing for Video Scene Graph Generation

 Authors

 Xin Lin

 Guangzhou University

 Chong Shi

 Guangzhou University

 Yibing Zhan

 JD Explore Academy

 Zuopeng Yang

 Guangzhou University

 Yaqi Wu

 Guangzhou University

 Dacheng Tao

 The University of Sydney

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i4.28137

 Keywords:

 CV: Video Understanding & Activity Analysis, CV: Scene Analysis & Understanding 

 Abstract

 Dynamic scene graph generation (SGG) focuses on detecting objects in a video and determining their pairwise relationships. Existing dynamic SGG methods usually suffer from several issues, including 1) Contextual noise, as some frames might contain occluded and blurred objects. 2) Label bias, primarily due to the high imbalance between a few positive relationship samples and numerous negative ones. Additionally, the distribution of relationships exhibits a long-tailed pattern. To address the above problems, in this paper, we introduce a network named TD2-Net that aims at denoising and debiasing for dynamic SGG. Specifically, we first propose a denoising spatio-temporal transformer module that enhances object representation with robust contextual information. This is achieved by designing a differentiable Top-K object selector that utilizes the gumbel-softmax sampling strategy to select the relevant neighborhood for each object. 
Second, we introduce an asymmetrical reweighting loss to relieve the issue of label bias. This loss function integrates asymmetry focusing factors and the volume of samples to adjust the weights assigned to individual samples. Systematic experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed TD2-Net over existing state-of-the-art approaches on Action Genome databases. In more detail, TD2-Net outperforms the second-best competitors by 12.7% on mean-Recall@10 for predicate classification.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Lin, X., Shi, C., Zhan, Y., Yang, Z., Wu, Y., & Tao, D. (2024). TD²-Net: Toward Denoising and Debiasing for Video Scene Graph Generation. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (4), 3495–3503. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i4.28137

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 4: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 4

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Computer Vision III

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence