Facets in Argumentation: A Formal Approach to Argument Significance | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Facets in Argumentation: A Formal Approach to Argument Significance

 Facets in Argumentation: A Formal Approach to Argument Significance

 Johannes K. Fichte, Nicolas Fröhlich, Markus Hecher, Victor Lagerkvist, Yasir Mahmood, Arne Meier, Jonathan Persson

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 4491-4499.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/500 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Argumentation is a central subarea of Artificial Intelligence (AI) for modeling and reasoning about arguments. 
The semantics of abstract argumentation frameworks (AFs) is given by sets of arguments (extensions) and conditions on the relationship between arguments, such as stable or admissible.
Today's solvers implement tasks such as finding extensions, deciding credulously or skeptically acceptance, counting, or enumerating extensions.
While these tasks are well charted, the area between decision and counting/enumeration and fine-grained reasoning requires expensive reasoning so far.
We introduce a novel concept (facets) for reasoning between decision and enumeration. 
Facets are arguments that belong to some extensions (credulous) but not to all extensions (skeptical).
They are most natural when a user aims to navigate, filter, or comprehend specific arguments, according to their needs. 
We study the complexity and show that tasks involving facets are much easier than counting extensions.
Finally, we provide an implementation, and conduct experiments to demonstrate feasibility.

 Keywords:
 Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: KRR: Argumentation 
 Knowledge Representation and Reasoning: KRR: Computational complexity of reasoning

 Copyright © 2026,