KDD 2022 | Washington DC, U.S. 

 Call for Research Track Papers

 Call for Research Track Papers

 Important Dates (Time: Anywhere on Earth) 

 KDD is a dual track conference hosting both a Research and an Applied Data Science track. A paper should either be submitted to the Research or the Applied Science track but not both. Research track submissions are limited to nine (9 pages), including references, must be in PDF and use ACM Conference Proceeding templates ( two column format ). One recommended setting for Latex file of anonymous manuscript is: \documentclass[sigconf, anonymous, review]{acmart} . An additional two pages of supplemental material focused on reproducibility can be provided. Additionally, proofs and pseudo-code that could not be included in the main nine-page manuscript may also be included in the two-page supplement. As in previous years, supplement should be included in the same file with the main manuscript. Besides, authors have the option of uploading extra files (e.g., code/data) of their work. Template guidelines are here: https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template . 

 Paper Submission: Feb 10th, 2022

 Final Notification: May 18th, 2022

 Camera-ready: June 9th, 2022

 Conference: August 14-18, 2022 

 Description

 KDD is the premier Data Science conference. We invite original technical research contributions in all aspects of the data science lifecycle including but not limited to: data cleaning and preparation, data transformation, mining, inference, learning, explainability, data privacy, and dissemination of results. Technical data science contributions that advance United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are also encouraged. This year we are also inviting paper submissions that are at the intersection of data science and society as part of the research track.

 Data Cleaning and Preparation : A significant part of the data science lifecycle is spent on data cleaning and preparation. In several domains, data cleaning tasks continue to be rule-based and are often brittle, i.e., they break down in face of a constantly changing and evolving environment. Learning-based approaches for data cleaning and preparation which are generalizable and adaptive across domains are highly sought. 

 Data Transformation and Integration : The process of mapping data from one representation into another is at the heart of data science. The mapping can be query driven, based on a statistical task, or might involve integrating data from myriad sources. We seek original contributions that address the trade-off between the complexity of the transformation and algorithmic efficiency. 

 Mining, Inference, and Learning : These topics are the kernel of knowledge discovery from databases (KDD) paradigm and continue to witness massive growth. While classical aspects of supervised learning have been mainstreamed into the development cycle, new variations on unsupervised learning like self-supervision, few shot learning, prescriptive learning (reinforcement learning), transfer learning, meta learning, and representational learning are pushing the research boundary in a world where the proportion of labeled and annotated data is becoming minuscule. In each of these topics, we seek submissions that highlight the trade-off between accuracy, stability, robustness, and efficiency. Submissions that propose “new” inference tasks are strongly encouraged. 

 Explainability : As data science models are becoming part of daily human activity there is a need, often being expressed in law, that the models be fair, interpretable, and provide mechanisms to explain how a prediction or decision by the model was arrived at. Interpretable models will lead to their wider acceptance in society at large and increase the value of Data Science as a discipline in its own right. 

 Data Privacy and Ethics : Data privacy or lack thereof, continues to be the achilles heel of the whole data science enterprise. We seek technical contributions that advance the state of data science methods while guaranteeing individual privacy, respect for societal norms and ethical integrity. 

 Model Dissemination : Migrating a data science model from a research lab to a real-world deployment is non-trivial and potentially a continuous ongoing process. We seek research submissions that highlight and address technical and behavioral challenges during model deployment, feedback, and upgradation. 

 Data Science and Society : Data science has a critical role to play in addressing grand societal challenges, whether in addressing health inequities, climate change, resilience, sustainability, early childhood development, poverty, or other related areas. Success of data science in such areas is not just a function of data science alone, but it also requires careful engagement with the stakeholder, working across disciplines, and translation of the data science innovation towards achieving a societal impact. We invite papers that are at this interface, papers that demonstrate interdisciplinarity, papers that demonstrate stakeholder engagement, and papers that demonstrate a plan for realization of the data science application through translation. The innovation of these works may not be in the novelty of a data science method; rather, the innovation of these works will be at the careful exposition of societal challenge, and the role that data science and interdisciplinarity played towards addressing the societal challenge. The papers will be evaluated with this context. It is expected that papers have authors from different disciplines, and carefully situate the problem statement that is being solved, the role of data science, and societal impact evaluation. 

 Submission Guidelines 

 Papers submitted to KDD follow a double-blind review process. Every effort must be made to preserve the anonymity of the authors. Papers that have been presented as technical reports or workshop papers with listed authors will not be considered for review. An exception to the rule is the papers that have been submitted to arXiv at least one month prior to the deadline (January 8th, 2022), assuming these papers have not been submitted to any other venue (conference, workshop, journal., etc) for consideration or publication. Authors can submit these papers but with a different title and abstract. Papers that appear in arXiv after Jan 8th, 2022 until the end of the review process will not be accepted. After the submission deadline, authors are not allowed to add additional authors to the submitted papers. 

 Conference Submission Website: https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/SIGKDD2022 

 Important policies 

 Reproducibility 

 Submitted papers will be assessed based on their novelty, technical quality, potential impact, insightfulness, depth, clarity, and reproducibility. Authors are strongly encouraged to make their code and data publicly available, albeit anonymously during the review process. Algorithms and resources used in a paper should be described as completely as possible to allow reproducibility. This includes model parameters, experimental methodology, empirical evaluations, and results. The reproducibility factor will play an important role in the assessment of each submission. 

 Authorship 

 Every person named as the author of a paper must have contributed substantially both to the work described in the paper and to the writing of the paper. Every listed author must take responsibility for the entire content of a paper. Persons who do not meet these requirements may be acknowledged, but should not be listed as authors. Post-submission changes to the set of authors list are not allowed. 

 Dual submissions 

 Submitted papers must describe work that is substantively different from work that has already been published, or accepted for publication. Papers submitted to SIGKDD cannot be simultaneously under review or consideration in any other venue (or in different tracks of KDD) during the entire SIGKDD review period (i.e., from paper submission to notification dates). This includes conferences, workshops, journals, and any other venues that have published proceedings. 

 Program Chairs

 Nitesh Chawla , University of Notre Dame 

 Yan Liu , University of Southern California 

 Nov. 24, 2021: Those who are interested in serving as a PC, please feel free to fill in this form .