Exploiting Text Semantics for Few and Zero Shot Node Classification on Text-attributed Graph | IJCAI 

 Navigation 
 
 Home 

 Conferences Future Conferences 

 Past Conferences 

 Proceedings IJCAI 2025 Proceedings 

 All Proceedings 

 Awards 

 Trustees/officers Current trustees 

 Trustees Elect 

 IJCAI Secretariat 

 IJCAI Sponsorship and Publicity Officers 

 IJCAI Team 

 Local Arrangements Chairs 

 Former Trustees serving on the Executive Committee 

 Other Former Officers 

 AI Journal 

 About About IJCAI 

 Contact Information 

 Exploiting Text Semantics for Few and Zero Shot Node Classification on Text-attributed Graph

 Exploiting Text Semantics for Few and Zero Shot Node Classification on Text-attributed Graph

 Yuxiang Wang, Xiao Yan, Shiyu Jin, Quanqing Xu, Chuang Hu, Yuanyuan Zhu, Bo Du, Jia Wu, Jiawei Jiang

 Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth International Joint Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Main Track. Pages 3462-3470.
 https://doi.org/10.24963/ijcai.2025/385 

 PDF 
 BibTeX 

 Text-attributed graph (TAG) provides a text description for each graph node, and few- and zero-shot node classification on TAGs have many applications in fields such as academia and social networks. Existing work utilizes various graph-based augmentation techniques to train the node and text embeddings, while text-based augmentations are largely unexplored. In this paper, we propose Text Semantics Augmentation (TSA) to improve accuracy by introducing more text semantic supervision signals. Specifically, we design two augmentation techniques, i.e., positive semantics matching and negative semantics contrast, to provide more reference texts for each graph node or text description. Positive semantic matching retrieves texts with similar embeddings to match with a graph node. Negative semantic contrast adds a negative prompt to construct a text description with the opposite semantics, which is contrasted with the original node and text. We evaluate TSA on 5 datasets and compare with 13 state-of-the-art baselines. The results show that TSA consistently outperforms all baselines, and its accuracy improvements over the best-performing baseline are usually over 5%. The code is at https://github.com/wyx11112/TSA.

 Keywords:
 Data Mining: DM: Mining graphs 
 Machine Learning: ML: Few-shot learning 
 Machine Learning: ML: Multi-modal learning

 Copyright © 2026,