ICLR Poster Universal Image Restoration Pre-training via Degradation Classification 

 ICLR 2025 

 CSP Test 
 -->

 Skip to yearly menu bar 
 Skip to main content 
 
 Main Navigation

 ICLR

 Help/FAQ

 Contact ICLR

 Create Profile

 Code of Conduct

 Journal To Conference Track

 Diversity & Inclusion

 Proceedings at OpenReview

 Future Meetings

 Press

 Exhibitor Information

 ICLR Blog

 ICLR Twitter

 About ICLR

 Downloads

 Privacy Policy

 Reset Password

 My Stuff

 Login 

 Select Year: (2025)

 2027

 2026

 2025

 2024

 2023

 2022

 2021

 2020

 2019

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Getting Started

 Schedule

 Main Conference

 Invited Talks

 Awards

 Papers

 In-person Orals

 Blog Track Posters

 Workshops

 Community

 Socials

 Town Hall

 Sponsors

 Organizers

 Help

 Helpdesk

 RocketChat Client

 Website FAQ

 Poster 

 Universal Image Restoration Pre-training via Degradation Classification

 Jiakui Hu ⋅ Lujia Jin ⋅ Zhengjian Yao ⋅ Yanye Lu

 2025 Poster

 Project Page

 [ 
 Slides ] 

 [ 
 Poster ] 

 [ 
 OpenReview ] 

 Abstract

 This paper proposes the Degradation Classification Pre-Training (DCPT), which enables models to learn how to classify the degradation type of input images for universal image restoration pre-training. Unlike the existing self-supervised pre-training methods, DCPT utilizes the degradation type of the input image as an extremely weak supervision, which can be effortlessly obtained, even intrinsic in all image restoration datasets. DCPT comprises two primary stages. Initially, image features are extracted from the encoder. Subsequently, a lightweight decoder, such as ResNet18, is leveraged to classify the degradation type of the input image solely based on the features extracted in the first stage, without utilizing the input image. The encoder is pre-trained with a straightforward yet potent DCPT, which is used to address universal image restoration and achieve outstanding performance. Following DCPT, both convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and transformers demonstrate performance improvements, with gains of up to 2.55 dB in the 10D all-in-one restoration task and 6.53 dB in the mixed degradation scenarios. Moreover, previous self-supervised pretraining methods, such as masked image modeling, discard the decoder after pre-training, while our DCPT utilizes the pre-trained parameters more effectively. This superiority arises from the degradation classifier acquired during DCPT, which facilitates transfer learning between models of identical architecture trained on diverse degradation types. Source code and models are available at \url{https://github.com/MILab-PKU/dcpt}.

 Show more 

 Video

 Chat is not available. 

 Successful Page Load

 ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal
 information.
 Our Privacy Policy » 

 Accept 

 The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose
 download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.

 Useful links

 About ICLR 

 Sponsor / Exhibitor Information 

 Press 

 Contact

 2710 E Corridor Dr, Appleton WI 54913

 Email 

 Phone: +1-920-268-4789

 ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview