Learning in Online Principal-Agent Interactions: The Power of Menus
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 16: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 16
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Multiagent Systems

 Learning in Online Principal-Agent Interactions: The Power of Menus

 Authors

 Minbiao Han

 Department of Computer Science, The University of Chicago

 Michael Albert

 Darden Business School, University of Virginia

 Haifeng Xu

 Department of Computer Science, The University of Chicago

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i16.29691

 Keywords:

 MAS: Multiagent Learning, GTEP: Imperfect Information, MAS: Modeling other Agents 

 Abstract

 We study a ubiquitous learning challenge in online principal-agent problems during which the principal learns the agent's private information from the agent's revealed preferences in historical interactions. This paradigm includes important special cases such as pricing and contract design, which have been widely studied in recent literature. However, existing work considers the case where the principal can only choose a single strategy at every round to interact with the agent and then observe the agent's revealed preference through their actions. In this paper, we extend this line of study to allow the principal to offer a menu of strategies to the agent and learn additionally from observing the agent's selection from the menu. We provide a thorough investigation of several online principal-agent problem settings and characterize their sample complexities, accompanied by the corresponding algorithms we have developed. We instantiate this paradigm to several important design problems — including Stackelberg (security) games, contract design, and information design. Finally, we also explore the connection between our findings and existing results about online learning in Stackelberg games, and we offer a solution that can overcome a key hard instance of previous work.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Video/Poster

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Han, M., Albert, M., & Xu, H. (2024). Learning in Online Principal-Agent Interactions: The Power of Menus. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (16), 17426–17434. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i16.29691

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 16: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 16

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Multiagent Systems

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence