ICCV 2025 Open Access Repository 

 ICCV 2025 open access 

 These ICCV 2025 papers are the Open Access versions, provided by the
 Computer Vision Foundation. 

Except for the watermark, they are identical to the accepted versions;
the final published version of the proceedings is available on IEEE Xplore.

 This material is presented to ensure timely dissemination of scholarly and technical work.
Copyright and all rights therein are retained by authors or by other copyright holders.
All persons copying this information are expected to adhere to the terms and constraints invoked 
by each author's copyright.

 Powered by: 

 Sponsored by: 

 CreatiLayout: Siamese Multimodal Diffusion Transformer for Creative Layout-to-Image Generation

 Hui Zhang, Dexiang Hong, Yitong Wang, Jie Shao, Xinglong Wu, Zuxuan Wu, Yu-Gang Jiang ; Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV), 2025, pp. 18487-18497

 Abstract 

 Diffusion models have been recognized for their ability to generate images that are not only visually appealing but also of high artistic quality. As a result, Layout-to-Image (L2I) generation has been proposed to leverage region-specific positions and descriptions to enable more precise and controllable generation. However, previous methods primarily focus on UNet-based models (e.g., SD1.5 and SDXL), and limited effort has explored Multimodal Diffusion Transformers (MM-DiTs), which have demonstrated powerful image generation capabilities. Enabling MM-DiT for layout-to-image generation seems straightforward but is challenging due to the complexity of how layout is introduced, integrated, and balanced among multiple modalities. To this end, we explore various network variants to efficiently incorporate layout guidance into MM-DiT, and ultimately present SiamLayout. To inherit the advantages of MM-DiT, we use a separate set of network weights to process the layout, treating it as equally important as the image and text modalities. Meanwhile, to alleviate the competition among modalities, we decouple the image-layout interaction into a siamese branch alongside the image-text one and fuse them in the later stage. Moreover, we contribute a large-scale layout dataset, named LayoutSAM, which includes 2.7 million image-text pairs and 10.7 million entities. Each entity is annotated with a bounding box and a detailed description. We further construct the LayoutSAM-Eval benchmark as a comprehensive tool for evaluating the L2I generation quality. Finally, we introduce the Layout Designer, which taps into the potential of large language models in layout planning, transforming them into experts in layout generation and optimization. These components form CreatiLayout---a systematic solution that integrates the layout model, dataset, and planner for creative layout-to-image generation.

 Related Material 

[ pdf ]
[ supp ]
[ arXiv ]
 [ bibtex ]
 @InProceedings{Zhang_2025_ICCV,
 author = {Zhang, Hui and Hong, Dexiang and Wang, Yitong and Shao, Jie and Wu, Xinglong and Wu, Zuxuan and Jiang, Yu-Gang},
 title = {CreatiLayout: Siamese Multimodal Diffusion Transformer for Creative Layout-to-Image Generation},
 booktitle = {Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV)},
 month = {October},
 year = {2025},
 pages = {18487-18497}
}