Kernelized Normalizing Constant Estimation: Bridging Bayesian Quadrature and Bayesian Optimization
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 38 No. 10: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 10
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning I

 Kernelized Normalizing Constant Estimation: Bridging Bayesian Quadrature and Bayesian Optimization

 Authors

 Xu Cai

 National University of Singapore

 Jonathan Scarlett

 National University of Singapore

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i10.28992

 Keywords:

 ML: Bayesian Learning, ML: Information Theory, ML: Kernel Methods, ML: Online Learning & Bandits 

 Abstract

 In this paper, we study the problem of estimating the normalizing constant through queries to the black-box function f, which is the integration of the exponential function of f scaled by a problem parameter lambda. We assume f belongs to a reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS), and show that to estimate the normalizing constant within a small relative error, the level of difficulty depends on the value of lambda: When lambda approaches zero, the problem is similar to Bayesian quadrature (BQ), while when lambda approaches infinity, the problem is similar to Bayesian optimization (BO). More generally, the problem varies between BQ and BO. We find that this pattern holds true even when the function evaluations are noisy, bringing new aspects to this topic. Our findings are supported by both algorithm-independent lower bounds and algorithmic upper bounds, as well as simulation studies conducted on a variety of benchmark functions.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2024-03-24 

 How to Cite

 Cai, X., & Scarlett, J. (2024). Kernelized Normalizing Constant Estimation: Bridging Bayesian Quadrature and Bayesian Optimization. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 38 (10), 11150–11158. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v38i10.28992

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 38 No. 10: AAAI-24 Technical Tracks 10

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Machine Learning I

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence