Formal Synthesis of Barrier Certificates Using Fourier Kolmogorov-Arnold Network
 | Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence

 Skip to main content 
 Skip to main navigation menu 
 Skip to site footer 

 Open Menu 

 Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence 

 Current

 Archives

 About

 About the Journal

 Submissions

 Privacy Statement

 Contact

 Search

 Login

 Home
 
 / 

 Archives
 
 / 

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1
 
 / 

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Formal Synthesis of Barrier Certificates Using Fourier Kolmogorov-Arnold Network

 Authors

 Xiongqi Zhang

 Zhejiang Sci-Tech University

 Junwei Xu

 Zhejiang Sci-Tech University

 Yang Wang

 Zhejiang Sci-Tech University

 Dongming Xiang

 Zhejiang Sci-Tech University

 Wang Lin

 Zhejiang Sei-Tech University

 Zuohua Ding

 Zhejiang Sci-Tech University

 DOI:

 https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32101

 Abstract

 Barrier certificate generation is an efficient and powerful technique for formally verifying safety properties of cyber-physical systems. Feed-forward neural networks (FNNs) are commonly used to synthesize barrier certificates, but the fixed activation functions limit their efficiency and scalability. In this paper, we propose a novel method for generating barrier certificates using Fourier Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs). Specifically, it utilizes Fourier KANs to replace FNNs as the template of barrier certificates. Since Fourier KAN has learnable activation functions and uses trigonometric functions as its basis functions, it can efficiently improve the representation power and is easy to train for neural barrier certificates. Then, it formally verifies the validity of the candidate Fourier KAN barrier certificates using both the Lipschitz method and the Satisfiability Modulo Theories, improving the efficiency and success rate of verification. We implement the tool KAN4BC, and evaluate its performance over a set of benchmarks. The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our method.

 Downloads

 PDF

 Published

 2025-04-11 

 How to Cite

 Zhang, X., Xu, J., Wang, Y., Xiang, D., Lin, W., & Ding, Z. (2025). Formal Synthesis of Barrier Certificates Using Fourier Kolmogorov-Arnold Network. Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence , 39 (1), 1138–1146. https://doi.org/10.1609/aaai.v39i1.32101

 More Citation Formats

 ACM

 ACS

 APA

 ABNT

 Chicago

 Harvard

 IEEE

 MLA

 Turabian

 Vancouver

 Download Citation

 Endnote/Zotero/Mendeley (RIS)

 BibTeX

 Issue

 Vol. 39 No. 1: AAAI-25 Technical Tracks 1

 Section

 AAAI Technical Track on Application Domains

 Information

 For Readers

 For Authors

 For Librarians

 Part of the

 PKP Publishing Services Network 

 Copyright © 2024, Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence