ICLR Poster SimpleTM: A Simple Baseline for Multivariate Time Series Forecasting 

 ICLR 2025 

 CSP Test 
 -->

 Skip to yearly menu bar 
 Skip to main content 
 
 Main Navigation

 ICLR

 Help/FAQ

 Contact ICLR

 Create Profile

 Code of Conduct

 Journal To Conference Track

 Diversity & Inclusion

 Proceedings at OpenReview

 Future Meetings

 Press

 Exhibitor Information

 ICLR Blog

 ICLR Twitter

 About ICLR

 Downloads

 Privacy Policy

 Reset Password

 My Stuff

 Login 

 Select Year: (2025)

 2027

 2026

 2025

 2024

 2023

 2022

 2021

 2020

 2019

 2018

 2017

 2016

 2015

 2014

 2013

 Getting Started

 Schedule

 Main Conference

 Invited Talks

 Awards

 Papers

 In-person Orals

 Blog Track Posters

 Workshops

 Community

 Socials

 Town Hall

 Sponsors

 Organizers

 Help

 Helpdesk

 RocketChat Client

 Website FAQ

 Poster 

 SimpleTM: A Simple Baseline for Multivariate Time Series Forecasting

 Hui Chen ⋅ Viet Luong ⋅ Lopamudra Mukherjee ⋅ Vikas Singh

 2025 Poster

 Project Page

 [ 
 Poster ] 

 [ 
 OpenReview ] 

 Abstract

 The versatility of large Transformer-based models has led to many efforts focused on adaptations to other modalities, including time-series data. For instance, one could start from a pre-trained checkpoint of a large language model and attach adapters to recast the new modality (e.g., time-series) as ``language''. Alternatively, one can use a suitably large Transformer-based model, and make some modifications for time-series data. These ideas offer good performance across available benchmarks. But temporal data are quite heterogeneous (e.g., wearable sensors, physiological measurements in healthcare), and unlike text/image corpus, much of it is not publicly available. So, these models need a fair bit of domain-specific fine-tuning to achieve good performance -- this is often expensive or difficult with limited resources. In this paper, we study and characterize the performance profile of a non-generalist approach: our SimpleTM model is specialized for multivariate time-series forecasting. By simple, we mean that the model is lightweight. It is restricted to tokenization based on textbook signal processing ideas (shown to be effective in vision) which are then allowed to attend/interact: via self-attention but also via ways that are a bit more general than dot-product attention, accomplished via basic geometric algebra operations. We show that even a single- or two-layer model gives results that are competitive with much bigger models, including large transformer-based architectures,on most benchmarks commonly reported in the literature.

 Show more 

 Video

 Chat is not available. 

 Successful Page Load

 ICLR uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal
 information.
 Our Privacy Policy » 

 Accept 

 The ICLR Logo above may be used on presentations. Right-click and choose
 download. It is a vector graphic and may be used at any scale.

 Useful links

 About ICLR 

 Sponsor / Exhibitor Information 

 Press 

 Contact

 2710 E Corridor Dr, Appleton WI 54913

 Email 

 Phone: +1-920-268-4789

 ICLR Proceedings at OpenReview