International World Wide Web Conference 2024 ( WWW2024 | The Web Conf 2024 ) | Call for Papers 

 -->

 About 

 The Web Conference 

 Logo 

 Code of Conduct 

 Newsletters 

 Calls 

 Research Tracks 

 Industry 

 Web4Good 

 Workshops 

 Tutorials 

 Short Papers 

 Demo 

 Resource 

 Health Day 

 History of the Web 

 PhD Symposium 

 Emerging World Symposium 

 Seoul Test of Time Award 

 Artifact Badging 

 Online Safety Prize Challenge 

 Accepted 

 Research Tracks 

 Industry 

 Web4Good 

 Short Papers 

 Demo 

 Resource 

 Health Day 

 History of the Web 

 PhD Symposium 

 Program 

 Overview 

 Full Schedule 

 Keynotes 

 Workshops 

 Tutorials 

 Awards 

 Special Days 

 Social Events 

 Web4All 

 Attending 

 Registration 

 Venue 

 Accommodation 

 Checking In 

 Participation 

 Presentation 

 Whova 

 Visa Information 

 NSF Student Travel Awards 

 Organization 

 Organizing Committee 

 Senior Area Chairs 

 Area Chairs 

 Reviewers of Research Tracks 

 Reviewers of Various Tracks 

 Sponsors 

 Become a Sponsor 

 Sponsors and Supporters 

 Media 

 Proceedings Presentation Videos 

 Companion Presentation Videos 

 Proceedings Promo Videos 

 Companion Promo Videos 

 Proceedings ACM Digital Library 

 Companion ACM Digital Library 

 Seoul ToT 2024 Press Release 

 Photos 13 to 15 May 2024 

 Photos 16 to 17 May 2024 

 CALL FOR PAPERS

 We invite contributions to the research tracks of The Web Conference
2024 (formerly known as WWW). The conference will take place in
Singapore, from May 13 to 17, 2024.

 The Web Conference is the premier conference focused on understanding
the current state and the evolution of the Web through the lens of
computer science, computational social science, economics, policy, and
many other disciplines.

 Important Dates

 Abstract: Thursday, October 5, 2023

 Full paper: Thursday, October 12, 2023

 Author and reviewer discussion: December 1-14, 2023

 Notification: February 1, 2024

 All submission deadlines are end-of-day in the Anywhere on Earth (AoE) time zone.

 Submission Site

 We will use OpenReview to manage the submissions and reviewing. All
listed authors must have an up-to-date OpenReview profile, properly
attributed with current and past institutional affiliation, homepage,
Google Scholar, DBLP, ORCID, LinkedIn, Semantic Scholar (wherever
applicable). Here is information on how to create an OpenReview profile. The OpenReview profile will be used to handle conflict of interest and paper matching. Submissions will not be made public on OpenReview during the reviewing period.

 Abstracts and papers can be submitted through the OpenReview link: https://openreview.net/group?id=ACM.org/TheWebConf/2024/Conference .

 Scope

 The scope of the conference is the Web and how it has crucially enabled
new research and applications. While the Web feeds on and is part of a
broader interdisciplinary ecosystem, including technologies such as
machine learning, natural language processing, computer vision, and many
others, it remains a distinct scholarly field, with its own research
methods, tools, and challenges.

 A typical Web Conference paper should have explicit focus on at least
one of the following:

 understanding, evaluating, and improving the Web as a technical infrastructure; including core Web technologies, standards, and platforms 

 understanding, evaluating, and improving the Web as a socio-economic system;

 understanding better the impact of the Web and Web technologies;

 democratizing access to Web content and technologies, making it more accessible, fair, inclusive, and accountable to a wide range of audiences.

 Tracks . Our research interests are organized in the following
tracks:

 Economics, Online Markets, and Human Computation 

 The Web has served as a platform for large-scale online markets such as cloud computing, crowdsourcing, and the sharing economy. This growth highlights the importance of understanding the economics of the Web, and we welcome innovative research in this space.

 This track is a forum for theoretical, empirical, and applied research related to the modeling, analysis, and design of Web-related economic activities, online markets, and human computation.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Economic ramifications for generative AI in web-based environments

 Fundamental research challenges in web-based human computation research and crowdsourcing including, but not limited to:

 mechanisms, frameworks, and architectures;

 incentives for user-generated content (e.g., integrity, ratings, reviews, and reputation systems);

 fairness and other ethical considerations (e.g., workers’/tasks’ starvation, fairness in collaborative learning); and

 applications

 Information design in web-based environments including, but not limited to,

 web hosted datasets; and

 the data economy in web based platforms

 Economics and fairness of web-based recommendation systems

 Fairness, privacy, and diversity in economic environments

 Incentives in network design for Web infrastructures and ecosystems

 Economics of cloud computing

 Advertising auctions, markets, and exchanges

 The sharing economy

 Incentives in gamification

 Sustainability of Web economics

 Economic aspects of Web and mobile app ecosystems

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Negin Golrezaei (Massachusetts Institute of Technology)

 Senjuti Basu Roy (New Jersey Institute of Technology)

 Grant Schoenebeck (University of Michigan)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Econ@ACM.org 

 Graph Algorithms and Modeling for the Web 

 We encourage submissions that address a Web-related scientific challenge in graph algorithms, graph mining, and graph learning.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Algorithms for Web graph representation, reconstruction, subgraph and motif discovery

 Analysis of heterogeneous, signed, attributed, and annotated graphs

 Succinct data structures for the manipulation of static and dynamic large graphs

 Multi-relational graph analysis

 Querying and indexing algorithms for massive graphs

 Deep learning for Web graphs

 Network representation learning for the Web

 Graph embeddings and GNNs for the Web

 Mining and learning in graphs with missing information and noise

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Sreenivas Gollapudi (Google)

 Yizhou Sun (University of California, Los Angeles)

 Charalampos Tsourakakis (Boston University)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Graph@ACM.org 

 Responsible Web 

 We invite research contributions to the Responsible Web track. Over the past decades, the Web and internet have grown to be an integral part of our lives. Through this track we aim to surface the latest research on what it means to build a responsible web and internet, one that leaves no one behind and is inclusive, equitable, fair, ethical, open, privacy-preserving and trustworthy.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Audits of web technologies, standards, platforms, and applications

 Fairness, accountability, transparency and ethics of web technologies, standards, platforms and applications

 Human-perceived consequences of algorithmic deployment on the web

 Machine-in-the-loop, human agency and autonomy

 Social and technical mechanisms of refusal for web technologies and applications

 Consent frameworks and practices on the web

 Algorithmic accountability and transparency on the web

 Ethical and legal aspects of web-scale data analysis, uses and collection practices

 Implications and mitigation strategies for potentially conflicting goals, such as fairness and privacy or transparency and fraud protection

 Abusive content such as online harassment, spam, and fake reviews

 Misinformation and disinformation

 Data and user privacy

 Privacy-enhancing technologies for the Web and mobile app ecosystem

 Measurement, analysis, and circumvention of Web censorship

 User consent management

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Badih Ghazi (Google)

 Manish Raghavan (Massachusetts Institute of Technology)

 Leila Zia (Wikimedia Foundation)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-RespWeb@ACM.org 

 Search 

 This track welcomes submissions of original, high-quality research related to the search and retrieval of Web content.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Web query analysis, representation and understanding

 Web search models and ranking

 Web evaluation methodologies and metrics

 Web crawling and indexing

 Assisted, interactive, and conversational search

 Personalized, context-aware and across-device search

 Efficiency and scalability of Web search engines

 Vertical and domain-specific search

 Multilingual and cross-lingual Web search

 Web learning to rank, online learning, and counterfactual learning for ranking

 Web question answering

 Ad search and search for Web retail

 Natural language understanding for Web search

 Large language models for search

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Hui Fang (University of Delaware)

 Makoto P. Kato (University of Tsukuba)

 Aixin Sun (Nanyang Technological University)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Search@ACM.org 

 Security 

 This track offers researchers working on security the opportunity to present their work to the broad community of researchers interested in issues of security relating to the Web.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Applications of cryptography

 Authentication, authorization and access control

 Blockchains and distributed ledgers

 Browser and end-point security

 Cyber-crime defenses and forensics

 Cryptocurrency and smart contracts

 Data security

 Data transparency and provenance

 Large-scale, security measurements

 Security in web-based applications and services

 Tracking, profiling, and countermeasures against them

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Nicolas Christin (Carnegie Mellon University)

 Elena Ferrari (University of Insubria)

 Nick Nikiforakis (Stony Brook University)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Security@ACM.org 

 Semantics and Knowledge 

 This track is a forum to gather researchers interested in knowledge graphs and other forms of structured data models with machine-interpretable semantics that are being widely adopted for many advanced applications on the Web. In this track we invite original research submissions related to methods, algorithms, techniques and applications supporting the creation, acquisition, publication and consumption of interlinked structured data corpora – available on the web, the (human-assisted) semantic integration, the enrichment and processing of large, real-world datasets in a Web context.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Scalable techniques for the creation, curation, publication, maintenance, and consumption of large, Web-based, structured, reusable, knowledge graphs and ontologies

 Representation, semantic annotation, enhancement, enrichments, access and/or integration of a variety of data on the Web, including, but not limited to, semi-structured data, tabular data, text, multimedia (images, sound, videos) and sensor data

 Data modeling in support of intelligent system behavior, explanations and user-friendly interaction

 Methods, algorithms and applications for the development of semantic models, knowledge graphs and other forms of structured data models with machine-interpretable semantics

 Methods for hybridizing knowledge graphs, semantic models and foundational models being LLM or multimodal models

 Provenance, trust, security and privacy, and ethical issues in managing semantic data

 Applications of semantic technologies for improving search, browsing, personalization in applications and domains of interest to the Web community.

 Senior Area Chairs: 

 Raphaël Troncy (EURECOM)

 María Poveda Villalón (Universidad Politécnica de Madrid)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Semantics@ACM.org 

 Social Networks, Social Media, and Society 

 We welcome submissions in all areas that concern social networks, social media, and the interaction of the Web and society.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to: 

 Social media analysis through the lenses of networks

 Analysis of web-mediated communications, communities, and crowds

 Social mining and social search on the Web

 Influence propagation, information diffusion, and the prediction on networks (link prediction, node or subgraph prediction)

 Computational social science (e.g., computational politics, propaganda, sociology, communication studies, media science, humanities, arts, and culture on the Web) 

 Socio-technical web-based systems

 Media and governance (e.g., opinion dynamics, filter bubbles, polarization, conflicts or tribalization, self-governance, civic engagement, collective actions via the Web)

 Fairness and bias in social network and social media analysis

 Generative AI / large language models and their impact on social systems

 Applications and emergent phenomena (e.g., massive multiplayer games, massive courses, forums, and others, the dark Web, Web-enabled humanitarian action, online health)

 Senior Area Chairs:

 James Caverlee (Texas A&M University)

 Flavio Chierichetti (Sapienza University of Rome)

 Yu-Ru Lin (University of Pittsburgh)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Social@ACM.org 

 Systems and Infrastructure for Web, Mobile, and WoT 

 This track solicits novel research contributions describing the construction of systems architecture, and performance related to the Web, and Web-based mobile and ubiquitous computing. The track welcomes submissions of interest not only to academic but also industrial researchers, with works that contribute to the understanding of Web, mobile, and WoT systems, e.g., via data analysis, experimental findings, novel implementations, deployment experiences, lessons learned, measurement studies, and usability evaluations.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 Cloud, edge and content delivery systems for the Web

 Decentralized Web and Fediverse systems

 Federated Web systems, including distributed, federated and edge-based data processing, learning, and systems for Web and WoT.

 Virtualization and resource management in Web systems and infrastructures

 Web performance, measurements, and characterization

 Location- and context-aware Web and WoT applications and services

 Energy management for devices in mobile Web and WoT environments

 Novel mobile and WoT systems, or system-of-systems

 Web applications in cross-disciplinary domains and verticals such as augmented/mixed reality, mobility, smart cities, smart health, agritech, fintech, and so on.

 Data management and stream processing for Web, mobile and wireless applications

 Experiences and lessons learnt from Web-based algorithms and system deployments

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Youngki Lee (Seoul National University)

 Flora Salim (University of New South Wales)

 Gareth Tyson (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Systems@ACM.org 

 User Modeling and Recommendation 

 In this track, we invite original research submissions addressing all aspects of user modeling, personalization, inclusive modeling, and system design in the context of the Web.

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 User model development and offline evaluation

 User modeling and simulation for interactive and conversational systems

 Natural language user models and recommender systems

 Practical large-scale studies of user experience

 Personalized content ranking and presentation

 ML for personalized search and recommendations

 Social recommender systems and personalization for the social Web

 Psychology-informed user models and recommender systems

 Metrics for user behavior and evaluating success

 Fairness-aware retrieval and ranking

 Explainable and interpretable methods for personalization

 Accountability, Transparency, and Ethics for personalization

 User privacy protection in personalized systems

 Studies of user behavior, including longitudinal effects of personalized systems

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Krisztian Balog (University of Stavanger & Google)

 Lina Yao (CSIRO's Data61 & University of New South Wales)

 Xiangliang Zhang (University of Notre Dame)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-RecSys@ACM.org 

 Web Mining and Content Analysis 

 This track welcomes submissions of original and high-quality research papers related to the extraction of information from the Web and the analysis and mining of the Web content

 The relevant topics include, but are not limited to:

 ML and data science for the Web

 Web data integration and cleaning

 Visualization of Web data

 Robustness and generalizability of Web mining methods

 Community question answering

 Normalization, clustering, classification, and summarization of Web text

 Topic discovery and tracking

 Sentiment analysis and opinion mining

 Content-based information diffusion

 Mining multimedia, multimodal, multilingual, cross-lingual Web data

 Bridging structured and unstructured data

 Web traffic and logs analysis

 Web measurements

 Models for Web evolution

 Senior Area Chairs:

 Jing Gao (Purdue University)

 Karthik Subbian (Amazon)

 Wei Wang (University of California, Los Angeles)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-Mining@ACM.org 

 Relevance . Every submission must clearly state how the work is relevant to the Web and to the track in the first page. Submissions that merely use a Web artifact---e.g., a dataset or a Web Application Programmer Interface (API) or a social network---rather than answering a specific Web-related scientific research challenge, are out of scope and will be desk-rejected.

 Submission Guidelines

 Deadlines. The submission deadlines are strict and no
extensions, regardless of circumstances, will be allowed.
Placeholder/dummy abstracts are forbidden.

 Authorship . The ACM has an authorship policy stating who can be considered an author in a submission as well as the use of generative AI tools. Every person named as the author of a paper must have contributed substantially to the work described in the paper and/or to the writing of the paper and must take responsibility for the entire content of a paper.

 Maximum authorship . The number of submissions allowed per author is limited to 9 (nine) maximum, accumulatively across the research tracks. If more than 9 papers are submitted with the same person listed as an author, the additional papers submitted after the first 9 by submission id, will be desk-rejected.

 Authorship changes . The full list of authors, including the ordering, must be finalized at the point of submission . There cannot be any addition, removal, or reordering of authors after submission time. The only changes allowed are the correction of spelling mistakes or new affiliation.

 Anonymity . The review process will be double-blind . The submitted document should omit any author names, affiliations, or other identifying information. This may include, but is not restricted to acknowledgments, self-citations, references to prior work by the author(s), and so on. Please use the third-person to identify your own prior work. You may explicitly refer in the paper to organizations that provided datasets, hosted experiments, or deployed solutions and tools.

 Formatting Requirements . Submissions must be in English, in double-column format, and must adhere to the ACM template and format (also available in Overleaf). Word users may use the Word Interim Template and the recommended setting for LaTeX is:

 \documentclass\[sigconf, anonymous, review\]{acmart}. 

 Submissions must be a single PDF file: 8 (eight) pages as main paper, with unlimited pages for references and an optional Appendix (that can contain details on reproducibility, proofs, pseudo-code, etc). The first 8 pages should be self-contained, since reviewers are not required to read past that.

 Originality and Concurrent Submissions . Submissions must present original work---this means that papers under review at or published/accepted to any peer-reviewed conference/journal with published proceedings cannot be submitted. Submissions that have been previously presented orally, as posters or abstracts-only, or in non-archival venues with no formal proceedings, including workshops or PhD symposia without proceedings, are allowed. Authors may submit anonymized work that is already available as a preprint (e.g., on arXiv or SSRN) without citing it. The ACM has a strict policy against plagiarism, misrepresentation, and falsification that applies to all publications.

 Ethical Use of Data and Informed Consent. Authors are encouraged to include a section on the ethical use of data and/or informed consent of research subjects in their paper, when appropriate. You and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies , including ACM's Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects (posted in 2021). Please ensure all authors are familiar with these policies.

 Please consult the regulations of your institution(s) indicating when a review by an Institutional Ethics Review Board (IRB) is needed. Note that submitting your research for approval by such may not always be sufficient. Even if such research has been approved by your IRB, the program committee might raise additional concerns about the ethical implications of the work and include these concerns in its review.

 Submissions that do not follow these guidelines or do not view or print properly, will be desk-rejected. 

 Reviewing Process

 Reviewing . Each paper is submitted to one of the tracks listed above. Papers that do not conform to the conference scope or submission guidelines will be desk-rejected by the track chair (aka Senior Area Chair, SAC). Each submission will receive at least three independent reviews within each track and the process overseen by an Area Chair (AC). Authors may be requested to serve as reviewers.

 Rebuttal . Authors will have the chance to provide a response to the reviews during an author-reviewer discussion period. The ACs and SACs will consider the authors' responses to the points raised by the reviewers to inform acceptance decisions.

 Decision . A range of factors including technical merit, originality, potential impact, quality of execution, quality of presentation, related work, reproducibility of results, and ethics, will be used by the ACs and SACs to make a recommendation. The PC Chairs will make the final decisions.

 Transparency. By submitting paper(s) to The Web Conference 2024, the authors agree that the reviews, meta-reviews, and discussions will be made public in OpenReview for all accepted papers.

 Conflict of Interest (COI) Policy

 All authors and reviewers must declare conflicts of interest in OpenReview. You must declare a domain conflict (entered in Education & Career History) for employment at the same institution or company, regardless of geography/location, currently or in the last 12 months. You must declare a personal conflict when the following associations exist:

 candidate for employment at the same institution or company

 co-author on book/paper or co-PI on a funded grant/research proposal in the last 24 months 

 active collaborator 

 family relationship or close personal relationship 

 graduate advisee/advisor relationship, regardless of time elapsed since graduation 

 deep personal animosity

 In general, we expect authors, PC, the organizing committee, and other volunteers to adhere to ACM's Conflict of Interest Policy as well as the ACM's Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct .

 Publication and Presentation Policies

 Publication . All accepted papers will be allowed the same maximum page length in the proceedings ( 12 pages, of which 8 are content pages), which will be published by ACM and will be accessible via the ACM Digital Library. Accepted papers will require a further revision to meet the requirements of the camera-ready format required by ACM. Camera-ready versions of accepted papers can and should include all information to identify authors, and should acknowledge any funding received that directly supported the presented research. In addition, all papers are required to submit a brief pre-recorded video , which will appear on ACM Digital Library, along with the PDF of the papers.

 Registration . To be included in the proceedings, every accepted paper must be covered by a distinct conference registration, e.g., two papers require two registrations, even if they have overlapping authors. This registration must be Full Conference (5-day) or Main Conference (3-day) registration, at the standard (non-student) in-person rate, payment of which must be completed by the camera-ready deadline. This registration requirement applies universally, regardless of attendance or presentation mode.

 Presentation . Every accepted paper must be presented at the conference. No-show papers may be withdrawn from the proceedings. There will be two forms of presentation:

 Oral Presentation . Among the accepted papers, a subset will be selected for oral presentation. Generally we expect oral presentations to be in-person, but may allow a few online presentations by authors with significant travel difficulties.

 Poster Presentation . All papers will be asked to produce a poster on-site. An e-copy will appear on Whova. To facilitate authors in getting their hard-copy posters on-site, the conference offers a local poster printing service for a fee, which you may access at this link . Organizer will bring the posters on-site.

 Reproducibility. Authors are strongly encouraged to make their code and data publicly available after the review process. We are encouraging the (optional) use of the "Artifacts Available" badge in ACM's Digital Library. If you release any code, dataset, or similar artifact to accompany your paper, and host it in a publicly available, archival repository for research artifacts that provides a Document Object Identifier (DOI), you are welcome to apply for this badge. A special subcommittee will check the artifacts of all accepted papers for availability and relatedness to the paper after the acceptance notification.

 Program Committee Co-Chairs

 Ravi Kumar (Google)

 Hady W. Lauw (Singapore Management University)

 Contact: TheWebConf24-pcchairs@ACM.org 

 |
 
 | 
 
 | 
 
 | 

 The Web Conference 2024 is organized by the School of Computing and Information Systems at Singapore Management University.

 Server maintenance is scheduled, from 30-May-2023, Tuesday, 09:00 AM to 06:00 PM, GMT+8. 
 Connections to this website will be intermittent.